WASHINGTON/HONOLULU (Reuters) - 
1. The United States on Wednesday edged closer to the "fiscal cliff" as Congress waited for President Barack Obama to return from vacation in Hawaii and make one final attempt to avoid huge tax hikes and spending cuts in the New Year.
 2. In the absence of Obama, there was no sign of either side in Congress making an effort to strike a deal. 
3. The corridors of the Capitol building were empty except for an occasional police officer, and members' office doors stayed locked.
 4. House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner has not yet set a date for bringing House members back to Washington from their Christmas break, an aide of the Republican leader said. 
5. That makes the timing of a vote on any budget deal before December 31 more difficult.
 6. The Boehner aide also said there were no plans for new talks between the top Republican in Congress and Obama, who flies overnight and is due back in the White House on Thursday morning.
 7. The inaction notwithstanding, there was still just enough time to prevent a fiscal crunch that would upset global financial markets and likely push the United States into recession.
 8. Reports of lackluster retail holiday sales added to the urgency for a deal. 
9. Shoppers might be spending less this holiday season in fear of looming income tax increases. 
10. U.S. stocks fell on Wednesday, dragged lower by shares of retail companies.
 11. A modest, last-minute measure in Congress to avoid deep spending cuts set for January 1 and most of the tax hikes could pass the Democratic-controlled Senate by the New Year, although Republicans would need to agree not use a procedural roadblock known as a filibuster.
 12. But senators probably would not make the effort unless there was a strong signal from Boehner that the House would find a way to go along.
 13. A Senate Democratic aide downplayed chances for votes this week in the Senate, but suggested there could be legislative movement at the weekend.
 14. "We can't do anything until Republicans either give us the 60 votes," which are needed to advance legislation without long procedural delays, or allow a short-cut that lets bills pass on a simple majority vote in the 100-member chamber.
 15. The focus in Congress is shifting from broad deficit reduction to narrower efforts to avert the immediate shock of the December 31 cliff dive.
 16. "This is the (emergency) scenario that we have long believed would rise in probability the closer we go to December 31, which essentially calls for extending all the rates for those individuals making under $200K and households under $250K and does not address the debt ceiling or the deficit," analyst Chris Krueger of Guggenheim Securities wrote in a research note.
 17. Republican Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas, who is retiring at year's end, told MSNBC that $250,000 "is too low of a threshold" for raising income taxes.
 18. She said that in conversations she has had with some Senate Democrats, "they are saying maybe more in the $400,000 to $500,000 category."
 19. Obama himself recently offered to raise the threshold to $400,000, before negotiations with Boehner broke off.
 
CLOCK TICKING
 
20. But even if a handful of Senate Republicans support Democrats on a measure to avoid the worst of the fiscal cliff, time is short.
 21. When the Senate returns on Thursday it is due to work on a disaster aid bill to help New York and New Jersey recover from Superstorm Sandy and other measures.
 22. the Republican-controlled House, any bill that raises taxes on anyone would need a rare bipartisan vote to win approval.
 23. All 191 Democrats might have to team up with at least 26 Republicans to get a majority if the bill included tax hikes on the wealthiest Americans, as Obama is demanding.
 24. Some of those votes could conceivably come from among the 34 Republican members who are either retiring or were defeated in the November elections and no longer have to worry about the political fallout.
 25. An alternative is for Congress to let income taxes go up on everyone as scheduled. 
26. Then, during the first week of January, lawmakers would strike a quick deal to reduce them except on people in the highest brackets.
 27. They would also pass a measure putting off the $109 billion in automatic spending cuts that most lawmakers want to avoid.
 28. Once the clock ticks past midnight on December 31, no member of Congress would have to vote for a tax increase on anyone - taxes would have risen automatically - and the only votes would be to decrease tax rates for most Americans back to their 2012 levels.
 29. Americans' optimism that Obama and congressional leaders will reach a budget agreement before January 1 has waned in recent days, according to a Gallup poll.
 30. Fifty percent believe a deal will be reached, a drop of 7 percentage points from the previous week, and 48 percent are doubtful. 
31. The poll was taken just after talks ran into trouble last week.
 32. Starbucks Chief Executive Howard Schultz is urging workers in the company's roughly 120 Washington-area coffee shops to write "come together" on customers' cups on Thursday and Friday to send a message to politicians.
 33."We're paying attention, we're greatly disappointed in what's going on and we deserve better,"  Schultz told Reuters.
 
(Additional reporting by Thomas Ferraro and Richard Cowan in Washington and Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles, Writing by Alistair Bell; Editing by Xavier Briand)


Comments:
1. My prayers go up to God that things will improve for the better and not for the worse.

2. The more I read the news the more this whole things appear to be scripted drama. It all reminds me of the movie "Wag the Dog's Tail." It's all a joke when I see politicians taking cuts in their hospitalization and retirement benefits then i'll take these scenarios series.

3. Come on, they are setting up a phony "effort" so they can do their usual Blaming Game thing!

4. Neither the President or Congress should have vacationed until this was resolved.

5. You can be assured when this is over; the hard working middleclass taxpayer will be screwed, while bureaucrats, freeloaders and politicians will reap rewards.

6. Just Think...We Elected these People to Provide Leadership and Change...What a Joke!!!

7. The 60 Billion New york sandy bill had ammendments attached for Ak, Miss, La. with pork . Can you believe all of the PORK These a holes attach ? This is what is required to get votes , The PPl get screwed at every move .

8. the medias raging hard on for the phrase "fiscal cliff" continues......stay tuned for next years phrase "kick the can down the road"

9. cutting social security is not the answer. start with the bloated pentagon budget and corporate welfare

10. Since the 2014 mid-term elections are still a couple of years away, let's find out who will be up for re-election now and start our own nationwide campaigns to THROW THEM OUT OF OFFICE!!!

11. This is no way to run our government. The world is looking at us and seeing complete dysfunction.

12. Politicians tell us "the country needs stricter gun laws" then use armed guards to protect themselves. They chastise corporate CEO's and the president’s for having private jets then have their own. They tell us we must conserve energy, then ride in multi car motorcades, and fly in their private jets with fighter escorts. They tell us the “rich” must pay higher taxes, and then use the loop holes they placed in tax laws to pay less. They pass Obamacare then exclude themselves. Am I the only one who is sick of this? Politicians should be forced to live with the laws they pass, just like us.

13. PuhLEEZ. This bunch of circus chimps wouldn't pee if their pants were on fire, if it meant compromise with their "opponents". Having this bunch if idiots plan the economic future of our nation is like having Kim Kardashian as your marriage counselor.

14. How about we push Congress and Obama off the cliff and see how they like it?

15. Quick Fixs = Cut the Pork , Cut the foreign giveaways , Cut Welfare Fraud/Waste, Cut the government Spending WASTE, Cut entitlements to those that Do Not Deserve them

16. the bush tax cuts that obama extended years ago................ who has been president for the last 4 years.....

17. $105 billion in spending cuts is chicken feed. Less that 1% of the [over] $15 trillion we owe.

18. All economist agree that long term going over the cliff will be a good thing. So lets take the pain now rather than pushing it off on our children.

19. Remember Obama’s $831 billion stimulus? His administration was required to release quarterly reports on its effects but they are years behind. Still No reports!
 and after 4 years NO budget under Senate Democrats

20. Both parties represent the dysfunction in our Nation, from the top down!

21. Who the F*** labeled people with $200k yearly income as "middle class"? The majority of the people, the true "middle class" in America make between $30k and $50k yearly.

22. Who are the fools who re-elected Obama believing there would not be at least two more years of the gridlock we had for the last two years and more of the partisan bickering we had for the last 8 years?

23. These negotiations should be fully televised on CSPAN!
 Closed door negotiations do nothing for the American People!

24. Best thing to do is go over , we need massive spending cuts accross the boards. If not we will go under.

25. There goes another $3 MILLION bucks for a roundtrip fare. Thanks for thinking of us Brobama.

26. It sounds like the government is going to be O.K. but for the American people the outlook is going to be dismal.

27. obama and the washington politicians ALL Want to go over the financial cliff - it will provide cuts thst Have to Be Made and these Idiots can all continue to Blame each other

28. "Cut short his vacation...." Why did any of them take a vacation? What happened to Bohener's comment that no one was leaving? What a bunch of idiots we have in congress and the white house, and what a bunch of idiots we are for letting them stay.

29. I like this reasoning... adopting a more fiscally responsible posture will throw the economy into recesssion... but spending money we don't have will continue "economic growth"... what does that tell you about our economy?

30. Obama will fly back for an hour blame Republicans and be back in Hawaii by Friday

31. "Those people who will not be governed by God will be ruled by tyrants." - William Penn

32. Its national 'Lets pretend politicians are not stupid Day!" 2014 may be my favorite year.

33. If it was politicians economic security at risk we would already had a deal !! But like most things, we will hear only those who blame others. Our system of being the Worlds Sugar daddy is broken when American bond holders are broke.

34. Liberals have been too busy pulling the race and "fair" cards to acknowledge the massive spending issues we have in this country. No wonder the cliff is approaching.

35. Trusting congress with this problem is like giving a forger lessons in penmanship....

36. "Late push" is right. Obama's had two years to get something done, and here we are with a mess.

37. Who gives a hoot what they do THEIR NOT GOING TO SOLVE THE PROBLEM OF SPENDING.

38. The fiscal cliff may loom but I'm glad it didn't interfere with any of the politicians vacation plans.

39. Warning to all American citizen: Be prepared to be stabbed in back ..once again..broken promises.

40. Let's Dive off the cliff! Heck with jumping. I want to see some real negotiations or nothing. Try to, Keep Obama out of the equation," as he stated last week. This will never happen. The HNIC-King-Dictator will rule for four more years. You Won. You just do not know "What you have won."

41. is obamacare a tax on the middle class? you know the answer, its not free

42. The workers that actually pay income tax will bear the burden. politicians and moochers could care less since they don,t have skin in the game.

43. Good News, People!! Over the Holiday, The FDA quietly ok'd Genetically Modified Salmon to be introduced into the Food Supply! Monsanto's GMO designed seeds are really making a big splash, too. Soon, most, if not all of our food will be GMO! Isn't that great?

44. guess the last four years wasn't enough time....the 12th hour is always so dramatic....and the citizens are lefted so relieved and so broke...

45. Until OB gets serious about reducing his out-of-control spending TO PLEASE his major base of supporters-gift takers, moochers, welfare recipients, illegal amigos, and lazy butts, forcing the balance of budget by going over the CLIFF might NOT BE A BAD IDEA after all

46. The whole point of this two years ago was to force our government to cut debt or the ax would fall on everyone, now were there. And the ax is being set aside and will fall only when world markets decide enough is enough. At that time you can kiss your #$%$ goodbye.

47. We're fast approaching the Fiscal Cliff! Everyone grab your Golden Parachutes!

48. "Congress awaits Obama's return..." Why is it, whenever there's an emergency Obama has to return from somewhere? He knew this fiscal crisis was about to happen, so why did he run out in the first place? It's the same thing he did when the goddam Islams were torturing and slaughtering those defenseless Americans in Benghazi. Obama turned his back, flew away to a lavish fundraiser in Las Vegas, and beamed ecstatically at his campaign donors.

49. If I am Latino then I am a latino American.
 If I am of Irish decent then I am an American of Irish decent.
 If I am of German decent then I am an American of German decent.
 So, what is wrong with these people who put there color first?
 Do they have a Fn problem with this country?
 Just asking.

50. What a nice pic of Moosh wrapped in a table cloth. She looks like Aunt Jemima.

51. "My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government." -- Thomas Jefferson

52. And the dog and pony show goes on and on! The big top, aka. congress the show must go on, that is what the people want!? If it is not, than it must mean that they (congress) do not care right!?

53. Debt rose $4.89 Trillion under Bush in 8 years (still horrible). It has risen $5.7 Trillion under Obama in just 4 years to a total of $16 Trillion. We are screwed with all of this spending.

54. HA-HA!!!!!!! You fools that voted for the vacationer in chief is Fing up right up the but. 
You voted for higher taxes so pay up suckers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

55. We need a parliament not a congress. Our congress has sucked for 20 years.

56. What we need are spending cuts - not more tax increases. Money is poorly managed on BOTH sides. Cut spending and pass a law that all these politicians can't tack #$%$ onto the end of a bill that has nothing to do with the bill trying to be passed into law. AND if the taxes, healthcare, etc are so wonderful....they need to sign up. ALL politicians should live under the same laws we do. It is that simple. Then they could agree on what is right IF it pertained to them also.

57. if you want european style services, you need european style taxes (much higher on everyone)

58. If only Reid would bring a Conservative idea up to a vote in the Senate, if voted down then nthey could move forward but he refuses, why?

59. It should be noted that last year, the congress passed this legislation whose sole purpose is to force this year's congress to pass legislation superceding last year's directive.
 
It's like tying a string on your finger, reminding you to tie a new string on another finger.

60. Now that Obama is reelected President, how will he ensure that men and women have equal earnings?
 Unemployment.

61. We are going over the cliff. I believe that this is the Democratic wet dream. They get 3/4 of what they want. Billions more in taxes which they can redistribute, large cuts in defense spending and they can blame it all no the Republicans. They will figure a way around any spending guts on entitlements as they always have. Congrats to the Democratic party, we should all start learning to speak Greek.

62. I've been wondering, since Obama is about to start his 2nd term, are our economic problems his fault now, or are they still Bushes?

63. Obama will not bend nor will he really negotiate. If Obama does not have it his way, we will go over the Cliff. Obama would prefer it that way anyway. Then he will have raised the taxes and more income coming in for his entitlement programs

64. Both parties are pretending to ask for different things when in reality both are looking to raise taxes on the only real source of income - the middle class. These are the people who actually work and create wealth.
 
65. The entire Plan A, Plan B, trying to make a deal in all an act to make us think they are doing something.
 
66. My prediction is the tax cuts will expire and both parties will blame the other for letting it happen.

67. Our Government doesn't have a money problem, what they have, is a spending problem.

68. Get ready to watch your 401k and other retirement accounts take a beating.

69. Just finished a biography on A. Lincoln. Amazing that this POS maggot is our president. Amazing that there are 3 blacks in America who would vote for a democRAT.

70. "If ever a time should come, when vain, NARCISSITIC, and aspiring men shall possess the highest seats in Government, our country will stand in need of its experienced patriots to prevent its ruin." 
-- Samuel Adams, 1776

71. Eliminate income tax, create National Sales tax (with any item purchased outside the USA having a tariff equal to if was purchased here), and balanced budget amendment.....oh yeah, and quit delivering the damn mail on Saturday.....problem solved.......

72. We need to tar and feathers these criminals, maybe then they would take their jobs seriously. If anyone else carried on like these people they'd be fired in a day.

73. Our so called represetatives have voted themselves gold plated pensions AND the best healthcare for themselves .They made it a law that we the people cannot change .BUT..they want to cut our paid safety nets to the bone.

74. I am for real cuts if congress will end all earmarks "pork barrel projects" and also put all their perks on the table. As they say WE ALL have to share in this.

75. Bloomberg: Weakest Holiday economy since 2008!. Shopping season was far worse than in 08 when we where in a recession. Thought we where in a 'RECOVERY" per Obama, he told us so in over 241 speeches?
 
76. Democrats from LBJ (who started it all, passing a law to rob SS Trust Fund, bad loans Fannie/Freddie, Medicaid, allowing unions in gov't (even FDR warned against it) & starting the welfare socialist spread the wealth road to the US becoming Greece, to Clinton, put the building blocks of this depression in place. People now vote for who ever gives them "things". No "things",no vote.
 
77. Over 77% of the time, Dems have controlled the purse strings and Congress (46 of the last 60 yrs since 1950) & in the Senate by dems over 84% of the time ( over 50 of the last 60 yrs. The Democrat party has had the majority in both houses over 81% of the time.
 
78. Even after Reps offered 800 billion in revenue, exactly what Obama was asking for when running for re-election, when Boehner ask what Obama would give in return in a balanced approach to cut spending , Obama says " you get nothing, no cuts, "I get that for free" Obama's plan all along was to go off the cliff and blame reps, that is the reason he doubled the tax revenue from 800 billion to 1.6 trillion over 10 yrs and wants a blank check to raise the debt ceiling. He could care less about solving our spending and debt problems.
 
79. Even no tax pledge Norquist gave his approval for Boehner's Plan "B", so it seems it was not the Tea Party Folks that killed the deal. All this while Obama gives Gov’t Motors Employess Bonuses up to $7,000 Each from taxpayers and goes on a 5 million dollar vacation.Obama golfs in warm sunny Hawaii and we are left out in the cold and are stuck with the bill.
 
80. Obama's tax increase will only fund Gov't for 16 Days & Obama wants another stimulus spending bill that would wipe out any extra revenue. Give Obama & dems more money and they will just spend and waste it.
 
81. Raise tax rates and you get less revenue. Look no further than Cailf. They voted to raise rates and in the 1st month it brought in 806 million less in revenues than they promised. Over a 1 yr period the higher rates will bring in 1 trillion less in taxes.
 
82. Brits did the same, raising rates, yet brought in 60% less revenue. Give DC more money and they will just spend more. Obama has spent more than the US did from 1776 to 2004 combined, with us going thru Civil War, WWI, Great D., WWII, Korea, Nam, and 2 Gulf Wars combined. He says in 1 term no one could turn it around. Well Reagan did. So did JFK and both Bush's, they lower'd tax rates and brought in 26% or more tax revenue instead of the rich and big corp. using their high payed lawyers to hide it offshore. In Reagan's 3rd yr in office, the economy was soaring, he cut Carters high tax rates from 70% to 28%, created 12 million jobs in just 3 yrs. and brought in 2x as much tax revenue. The GDP growth rate was 8%!
 Now Obama wants another stimulus spending starting with 50 billion more in 2013 with no spending cuts. WHAT? He says he will agree to spending cuts later, Reagan went to his grave waiting on dems promised spending cuts. If Obama taxed all the rich at 100% it would only last Obama 88 days, not even 3 months. Or even if Obama imposed a 100% tax, taking all earnings of all those people & all small business owners in America making above $250k per yr and put them out on the street homeless, it would only yield the "princely" sum of $1.4 trillion. That would only keep the gov't running for 141 days.
 
83. Obama is so full of himself, its pathetic. Obama mention'd himself 63 times.at the funeral of Hawaii senator & WWII war hero Inouye. He talk'd about himself in the short speech using “my” 21 times, “me” 12 times, and “I” 30 times.

84. This is all #$%$, how do they keep getting away with their stupid chit?....Is this now a nation of idiots?

85. All members of congress should just throw themselves off the cliff for we can start the new year off the right way.

86. What's the problem? Obama created 5 million jobs, remember? Just the tax revenue from those jobs alone are enough to balance the budget. Plus, we had the "soaring stock market at record levels" just before the election, and taxes from all those profits ought to finance even more stimulus. We've been told over and over how well the Democrat policies have been working so well that the economy should be able to handle this little bump in the road without even noticing.

87. Politicians need more tax revenues to support their crimes against America, their retirement, their healthcare. So guess whats going to happen ?

88. I'll bet all the politicians had a wonderful Christmas, most of them vacationing in exotic places. Do you think they gave even one thought to the problems facing our country while they were partying? More than likely, they were thinking up new perks to vote for themselves.

89. Mitch McConnell says, "I will do everything in my power to see that Obama is only a two term President"!

90. after a whole year of nothing im betting they pay someone to wipe there butts

91. dont hold your breath..the guy has not negotiated a single piece of legislation in the past 4 years

92. - 3 percent single filer tax increase if we go over the cliff
 - $4 million vacation 10 days before the cliff (at least he cut it short)
 - Inflation creeping at 2.2 percent
 - SS tax at 4.2 percent (about to go back to 6.2) when those of us under40 will never see a dime of this money
 - 44 million on food stamps at an average of $133 per month
 - 4.4 million on welfare at an average of $980 per month
 - unemployment at 7.8 percent (yeah right)
 
93. Love Obama all you want. The history books will read that this all happened under his watch. You Democrats are quick to point out the faults of GWB. BOs time is coming.

94. The President and Congress leaving their offices for the holiday shows how much they really care about the middle class. They are all disconnected elitists fighting for power, not the citizens of this country.


95. Obama says.. go ahead Americans!!.. WORK HARD, PERSEVERE, HAVE DETERMINATION, GET THAT AMERICAN DREAM... Then when you finally work HARD, take all the risks and finally become successful..
 Obama says.. OK NOW GIVE ME HALF! and 30 Percent of all your capital gains!
 FK YOU! Hussein!

96. I go back to my idea and perhaps the idea of
 others that the Congress shouldn't receive their
 salary and or benefits if they allow a delay in
 the payment of social security. medicare
 or unemployment benefits because they
 (the Republicans mostly) are continuing to 
poop and pee in their diapers because they
 won't get every damn thing that they (the\
 Republicans) want.

97. I'm taking my last $1,260.00 and heading to Mexico. At least I can exchange my dollars for peso's and stay at the Mexicano Riviera Suites Penthouse for 13 weeks.

98. A real tea party should happen asap, stop paying all taxes, divest, lay off ALL non essential workers, refuse to pay tolls, everyone do not send in a tax return, small businesses stop collecting state sales tax... etc etc
 
Then what Libs?

99. That's fine. Let's go over the cliff. Then the democrats will quickly draft bills to cut taxes for the 98% only......Obama and the Senate is going to come out of this looking like heros and the teabags will eat themselves in absolute frustration. One for the record books.

100. Will Grover Norquist be at the table?
 Republicans can't do anything without his consent.

101. Republicans want cuts in spending to pay for the last 20 years of republican presidents not paying 1 dime on national debt ...so obama has a plan like every democrat before him has had when the workers are working the country works so why should the workers have to pay for the republican policy' of not paying on national debt???

102. Obama's tax hike is more symbolic than meaningful as it barely dents the deficit. Without significant spending cuts we remain up the proverbial creek. Both sides need to put party and ideology aside, face reality, and do what's best for the majority of our country. ALL of us are either going to have to bite the bullet or learn how to dodge them. We are sitting on a tinderbox and Obama is doing little to defuse it. Same can be said for the zealots on the other side of the aisle.

103. raise taxes on everyone, and cut spending, but notice by the downvotes no one has the balls to do what needs to be done

104. imagine going over a cliff created by congress, because congress cant function

105. the gov should just run up 100T in debt, and then maybe grow some balls and do something sensible

106. the bush plan: spend and leave office, the obama plan: spend and leave office

107. No matter what happens, our taxes will go up. Obamacare has built that into our taxes starting in 2013 and it only gets worse.

108. Let the tax cuts expire. Let the crazy spending expire. The deficit will go down - it's not rocket science. And the country will be just fine like it was under the same system in the late 90's.

109. Groidbama wants to go over the cliff. That way everyone's taxes goes up and he can blame the Repub's. He is a sinister, cold, calculated basteed.

110. if the budget was balanced you could tell me we dont need to cut spending

111. $250,000. sounds like a lot of money, but not if you live in New York City or the DC area. You're barely middle class with that kind of salary.

112. Now that we know the government runs out of money Monday that puts a whole different complexion on these discussions. We also now know why Obama cut his vacation short.

113. A political game of Chicken where the only people at risk of getting hurt are the American public!!!!

114. the GOP will wait till the automatic spending cuts and tax increases go into effect. Then after January 1st they will all get together and vote for lower taxes on everyone making less than 500k. If they wait until Jan 1st, no one has to violate any oath. The only vote will be to cut taxes. Brilliant!
 
115. Except that it's a joke that we all see right through.

116. Congress better stop all aid to Egypt now... you can bilk the American Public but not on the backs of American Tax Payers not one single nugget of our gold goes to terroriss countries. That includes Afganistan pakistan..libyria egypt..or the freakin 22% they charge us on 522Million to belong to the useless nations.. congress may be a bee otch..wait till America just say NO!

117. Rewrite the heading of this article. Congress may be set for a late push, but to America its a last minute treason for 2013. I still want to see all of congress pay back what they took from social security with their own pay and pensions.

118. It's already a done deal, and it is not for the people. This is all last min. blames, so they can cover their butts! People, pls. do not be fooled! We are dealing with an evil leadership, and it is not going to be plesent throughout the yrs. to come.

119. many complain about the moochers. I don’t like them as well, but they do not know how to work. remember the riots of the 60’s? welfare, food stamps, section 8 and Medicaid are bribes to prevent rioting.

120. The holiday kool aid going around. When taxes, goods and inflation hit you- you'll be begging for someone competant to run the WH! There won't be government funding to bail ya'll out we're broke idiots!

121. Comments always talk about tax cuts There are no tax cuts being proposed, just retaining the current tax rates.

122. The way the government should work is this: If no reasonable solution is agreed to all politicians should lose their jobs and benefits at midnight on 12/31.

123. I can still hear LBJ screaming "HELL WE'RE RICH" as he broke open the social security trust fund to pay for his FAKE vietnam war....

124. We're going over the cliff!!!!! Everybody can enjoy higher taxes in 2013 & beyond!!!!!!

125. Stop all congressional pay and administration pay until they do their jobs. No work...no pay.

126. obama is the worst president that america has ever had he is the only president that has ever told you can go to heaven when you die if you do not believe in JESUS CHRIST and he told that on tv to get people to vote for him

127. More money wasted by this narcisstic imbecile flying back. He should do us all a favor and just stay in hawaii for 4 years.

128. You obama supporters don't care much about the future of Our Country, only your free ride, that will soon be over.

129. And this is how lawyers run a nation.... I believe its time for the lawyers to leave office so honest, HARD working americans can get to solving this nations issues...

130. Why bother? Neither side is going to give on the same sticking points since this started. Those of us that make less then 25K a year will be the ones getting screwed. Going over the cliff isn't going to hurt any of these politicians one little bit. So they have no motivation or reason to get anything done. They don't give a F about the taxpayers now that they are in office.

131. Paris Hilton is of great value to the USA and she should pay 15% income tax when I bust my but and pay Double?

132. Obama loved the country so much he cut his vacation short...look out John Wayne!

133. My prediction: We will go over the cliff due to the Republicans intransigence. Then in January the Republicans will relent and agree to a tax cut for everyone making less than $250K. At that point they will claim this is what they actually wanted anyway and clim victory.

134. The Military guys don't look so thrilled to see them. Notice none is standing up for the Prez's photo op.

135. Most people in the top 2% think their own taxes should go up, but those people are too busy making money to post comments

136. You elected a system of government where the least capable to lead are elected by the least capable of producing. And where the members of society least likely to sustain themselves or succeed, are rewarded with goods and services paid for by the confiscated wealth of a diminishing number of producers. Way to go........

137. Just remember most Congress is up for election in 2014 ...forget name recognition do a bit of homework and elect qualified people that want to do something other than line their pockets with lobbyist money

138. What the GOP don't seem to realize is that the bush tax cuts will expire and spending will be cut automatically unless they accept a better deal. The military cuts are overdue and the Bush tax breaks have increased the deficit and only really benefited the top 2% who now hold 87% of the nations wealth up from 69% before the tax breaks were put in place.

139. What “fiscal cliff”??! Demon-Rats told me for 10 years that Bush’s tax cut was “for the RICH”, “for millionaires and billionaires?! Did they lie as usual?
 P.S. These two pieces of human waste on the picture are so disgusting !

140. It ain't no cliff. Do nothing, both side get most of what they want; Dems-taxes go up, Repubs-spending goes down. Seems like there's deal in there to be had.

141. The one big thing Obama and his Democrats have created in the last 4 years 

is record gun sales

142. All of the folks who let our credit rating get downgraded have won reelection. We have only ourselves to blame. Well, I voted against the incumbents, but I was outnumbered.

143. Can we PLEASE vote for term limits on Congress? 
Oh, and no retirement pay as well?
 Isn't it about time Americans could put someone in office that would just go, do the job they were hired to do, and go home?
 We've got to stop making being a politician a career choice and get back to making it a temp job at best.

144. lol It must be really hard on them to keep up this false "indecision," when in fact, they're all ready to take over all the financial institutions and steal $1.7 trillion of personal assets from the American people, i.e., bank and savings accounts, retirement accounts, etc. They'll feign computer hacks, declare a "bank holiday" and then blame it on the Iranians.

145. Obama’s America:
 Solyndra – BANKRUPT
 Ener 1 – BANKRUPT
 Beacon Power – BANKRUPT
 Abound Solar – BANKRUPT
 Amonix Solar – BANKRUPT
 Spectra Watt – BANKRUPT
 Eastern Energy – BANKRUPT
 Fisker Automotive - BANKRUPT
 Tesla Motors - BANKRUPT
 Obama has invested 35 BILLION of our hard earned TAX dollars in these failed companies
 
Stimulus - FAIL
 Lightsquared - FAIL
 Cash for Clunkers - FAIL
 Fast and Furious - FAIL
 Said he would Create 5 million Green Jobs - FAIL
 Said he would cut the deficit in half - FAIL
 Transparency - FAIL
 Said he would remove earmarks from PORK projects before I sign any bill - FAIL
 Said no former Lobbyist will work on contracts in the Obama Administration - FAIL
 I'll unite the people of this great country - FAIL
 Said I will allow 5 days of public comment before I sign any bills. - FAIL
 Shovel Ready Jobs - FAIL
 Protection of our Embassy's Benghazi - FAIL
 Ambassador murdered
 Navy Seals dying off left and right
 Massive Tax hikes for EVERYONE in Jan 2013
 Over 16 TRILLION in Debt
 Dropped to 7th in Global competitiveness
 Credit Rating drop (1st time in American History)
 Over 47 Million on Food Stamps 
STILL over 25 MILLION unemployed or underemployed!
 GAS FOOD and ENERGY prices through the roof
 Senate Democrats never passed a budget first time in over 35 years!
 
Obama = EPIC FAIL

Some of Obamacare TAX HIKES
 
146. A 156% increase in the federal excise tax on tobacco:(Obama signed into law on February 4, 2009). The median income of smokers is just over $36,000 per year.
 
147. Obamacare Individual Mandate Excise Tax: Starting in 2014, anyone not buying “qualifying” health insurance must pay an income surtax according to the higher of the following
 
Obamacare Employer Mandate Tax (Tax penalty: $65 billion/10 years. Takes effect Jan. 2014): If an employer does not offer health coverage, and at least one employee qualifies for a health tax credit, the employer must pay an additional non-deductible tax of $2000 for all full-time employees. Applies to all employers with 50 or more employees. If any employee actually receives coverage through the exchange, the penalty on the employer for that employee rises to $3000. If the employer requires a waiting period to enroll in coverage of 30-60 days, there is a $400 tax per employee ($600 if the period is 60 days or longer). Bill: PPACA; Page: 345-346
 
Obamacare creates a new, 3.8% surtax on investment income earned in households making at least $250,000 ($200,000 single) (Tax hike of $123 billion). The 3.8% surtax does not apply to non-resident aliens. Bill: Reconciliation Act; Page: 87-93
 
Obamacare imposes new 40% excise tax on comprehensive health insurance plans (Tax hike of $32 billion). Bill: PPACA; Page: 1,941-1,956
 
Obamacare hike in Medicare Payroll Tax (Tax hike of $86.8 billion). Bill: PPACA, Reconciliation Act; Page: 2000-2003; 87-93
 
Obamacare Medicine Cabinet Tax on non-prescription, over-the-counter medicines. (Tax hike of $5 bill). Bill: PPACA; Page: 1,957-1,959
 
Obamacare increases additional tax on non-medical early withdrawals from an HSA from 10% to 20% (Tax hike of $1.4 bil). Bill: PPACA; Page: 1,959
 
Obamacare will impose a “Special Needs Kids Tax” (Tax hike of $13 bil). Bill: PPACA; Page: 2,388-2,389
 
Obamacare Tax on Medical Device Manufacturers (Tax hike of $20 bil). Bill: PPACA; Page: 1,980-1,986
 
Obamacare raises threshold from 7.5% to 10% of adjusted gross income (AGI) to deduct high medical expenses (Tax hike of $15.2 bil). Bill: PPACA; Page: 1,994-1,995
 
Obamacare 10% Tax on Indoor Tanning Services (Tax hike of $2.7 billion/took effect July 2010). Bill: PPACA; Page: 2,397-2,399
 
Obamacare elimination of tax deduction for employer-provided retirement Rx drug coverage in coordination with Medicare Part D (Tax hike of $4.5 bil/takes effect Jan. 2013) Bill: PPACA; Page: 1,994
 
Obamacare Blue Cross/Blue Shield Tax Hike (Tax hike of $0.4 bil/took effect Jan. 1 2010). Bill: PPACA; Page: 2,004
 
Obamacare Excise Tax on Charitable Hospitals (Min$/took effect immediately): $50,000 per hospital if they fail to meet HHS rules. Bill: PPACA; Page: 1,961-1,971
 
Obamacare Tax on Innovator Drug Companies (Tax hike of $22.2 bil/took effect Jan. 2010). Bill: PPACA; Page: 1,971-1,980
 
Obamacare Tax on Health Insurers (Tax hike of $60.1 bil/takes effect Jan. 2014). Bill: PPACA; Page: 1,986-1,993
 
Obamacare $500,000 Annual Executive Compensation Limit for Health Insurance Executives (Tax hike of $0.6 bil). Bill: PPACA; Page: 1,995-2,000
 
Obamacare Employer Reporting of Insurance on W-2 Will tax health benefits on individual tax returns. Bill: PPACA; Page: 1,957
 
Obamacare “Black liquor” tax hike (Tax hike of $23.6 billion/took effect immediately). Bill: Reconciliation Act; Page: 105
 
Obamacare Codification of the “economic substance doctrine” (Tax hike of $4.5 billion/took effect immediately). Bill: Reconciliation Act; Page: 108-113

148. Does any one know of a photo with obama with his mouth not gapped open? Let us go over the cliff and we will leave his worthless as at the bottom.

149. Compromise with democrats is like mud wrestling with a pig - both are dirty but the pig is happy.

150. LET THE TAX CUTS EXPIRE AND SPENDING CUTS BEGIN We are all in this TOGETHER Just a Greek bump baby OBAMAKY-Jelly ready LuVe up yahoooooooo

151. Let's go over the cliff and get it over with. Unfortunately, I think they come up with a small, temporary patch they will have to address again in six months. They really do suck.

152. Does she have her bathing suit under that white GARB??? Who chooses her clothing?? Did they both just get back from revisiting the old Choom Gang??? Wild Thing!!---You Make my----

153. There is no "push" to solve the fiscal cliff. These incompetent, self-serving, jackass schoolyard bullies and their community-organiser-in-chief are interested only in what they can blame other people for. They don't know how to solve the problem (actually they do: spend less) They are going to let the country go over the cliff so they can claim to be heroes when they, once again, kick the can down the road to our children. This is the most pathetic lack of statesmanship and leadership in our country's history.

154. Most of us understand the helplessness of those afected by hurricane Sandy, but we don't have 60 billion to help them...so if congress votes to give them that much then we should first cut off all foreign aid...including Israel and Haiti because charity should begin at home. The house should not allot any money for obamacare - sure to be the most expensive entitlement since medicare. What part of "we are broke" do our reps not understand?

155. So that was your plan Liberals! Keep all your emtitlements and tax the rich? Didn't do your homework or you would know the money isn't there! Better have a Plan B!

156. I actually had advertisements ready for 2014. They read, "Obama for Kenya in 2014."

157. Why does Obama look like a Kenyan president? I never understood that.

158. People are sick of our leaders #$%$. I am guessing that America will have an armed resistance in the next 20 years. I hope I am wrong, but I see it as an inevitibility.

159. They can wait til hell freezes over, The President is not going to change his mind about raising taxes on the top 2%. If the House don't give in, then all of us will be paying more taxes.
 I can afford it, how about you?
 If you are not in the top 2%, then you are crazy to back the House, they don't give a darn whether you pay more or not.
 Buckle up, it's gonna be a bumpy ride.

160. Ain’t no fiscal cliff. Never has been. They will just kick the can down the road again like they always do.

161. When did we start needing 60 votes in the Senate to pass a bill? I know it's been going on for a while now but I'm in my 60's and I remember when it was a simple majority like a parliamentary procedural actions.

162. This isn't just about getting this done before Dec 31st. Companies need to know what changes they may need to make to payroll BEFORE JAN 1ST. Welfare and unemployment offices need to know BEFORE Jan 1st what has to be done - who would be eligible. 

163. But if we do NOT change our ways (out of control spending and massive loopholes and 47% NOT paying taxes) things are ALWAYS going to get worse. You can't keep spending MORE than you bring in and survive. Sooner or later the money WILL dry up.

164. 10T didnt bother congress, 16T doesnt seem to matter, maybe at 50T they will grow some balls, and cut spending

165. The last of the lame efforts is apon us...........G E R O N I M O !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

166. Does this mean they will be called the "Obama Tax Cuts" after the first of the year.

167. A bunch of over paid, power hungry individuals always scheming how that they can get more from the US Treasury for themselves in Cash and Benefits! They continue to make laws for us that are too little to apply to them! They throw Trillions of Dollars to countries that hate our guts that many poor people here in the USA could use! Our country is Broke, going Socialistic and now they want to take our guns, like Hitler!

168. obama will not be happy until the white middle class americans pay the way for all welfare recipients, and illegals like his aunt in boston who feels she is entitled for her nephew occupies the white house

169. If the democratic way of thinking is the road to success, why are states and cities run by democrats sucking financial wind. The proof is in the pudding idiots. Open your eyes and shut your pie holes!

170. Why don't we just tie our inept politicians to a rope, dangle them off the cliff, get some regular people in Congress and get this crapola all settled?

171. I know this is not on the subject, but who in the world picks out Michele's clothes?? Hillary needs a hair dresser and Michele needs a good designer for her.

172. The people are not going to forgive either the President or Congress when they end up paying additional 2012 taxes because they couldn't get their act together. But I can see the reason, they have only had four years to work on it, don't want to rush these people.

173. The dems passed this #$%$ to set up exactly what we now have, betting the repubs wouldn't cut defense and would cave to give the dems more money to pee away. I say let the whole thing blow up, and deal with it later. When a politician wants something bad enough to call it a "crisis or emergency" you'd be wise to just shoot them.

174. tax the rich at 400%, still wont get the poor to graduate high school or have kids inside of a marriage

175. Just another scare tactic against the American people, but the US government is acting like a terrorist organization scaring everyone all the time while they profit individually off the backs of working people and big business owners as well.

176. who knew addind 1T a year in debt was cool, it wasnt under bush, and it isnt now

177. Whatever happens, one thing is for sure, the middle class will bear the brunt of any tax increase as we always do.

178. Yes please, lets make another deal that will not be kept like the one last year that brought us to this one. Another day in the life of corrupt politics.