1. As President Barack Obama approaches his second and final term, he will have to decide where to be ambitious, where to be cautious and where to buy time.
2.  A look at some of the big issues Obama will have to tackle when he returns to Washington after a Hawaiian vacation:
 
___
 
GUN CONTROL
 
3. Nothing lends an issue a sense of urgency like a harrowing tragedy that leaves the nation feeling shell-shocked. 
4. Shortly after the Dec. 14 school shooting in Connecticut, Obama said gun control would be a central issue in his second term, and named an interagency task force to recommend anti-violence legislation, with Vice President Joe Biden taking the lead. 
5. Meanwhile, pro-gun Democrats and even a few Republicans have expressed a willingness to consider new gun regulations, a shift that many have described as a "tipping point" in the age-old efforts to impose more stringent restrictions on gun ownership.
 6. But the National Rifle Association has made clear it won't play ball. 
7. Instead of new gun laws, the NRA's chief executive officer proposed putting armed guards in every school, highlighting the sizable rift between gun-rights advocates and gun-control supporters that will complicate Obama's efforts to get something through Congress.
 8. Obama's Democratic predecessor, President Bill Clinton, pushed an assault weapons ban through the Democratic-led Congress in 1994, prompting fierce pushback from gun-rights groups. 
9. Clinton later would credit the NRA with shifting the House majority to the GOP for the first time in 40 years, although other factors including a House bank scandal played big roles, too. 
10. The Clinton-era ban expired in 2004 and has not been renewed.
 
___
 
FISCAL CLIFF
 
11. Politicians of all stripes say Obama's first priority is to resolve the deep partisan divide over tax-and-spending issues, exemplified by repeated impasses over two years that led to this week's showdown on the "fiscal cliff." 
12. Obama and members of Congress left town for the holidays with no clear path forward to avert the combination of across-the-board spending cuts and tax increases that economists have warned could send the U.S. economy teetering back into recession.
 13. The measures are set to take affect at the beginning of January if Congress doesn't act in the final few days of 2012, but high-stakes negotiations between Obama and House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, have devolved, with Boehner unable to show he can muster the Republican votes to support a compromise reached with Obama. 
14. "God only knows" how a deal can be reached now, Boehner declared before heading out for the holidays.
 
15. An even higher-risk conflict may arise in a few months. 
16. Congress again must either raise the federal debt ceiling by late February or early March — or see the government default on its loans.
 
___
 
IMMIGRATION
 
17. In his first news conference after the election, Obama promised to begin work on a major immigration bill soon after his January inauguration. 
18. But with a full plate of other pressing issues, it remains to be seen how much of his attention the issue will garner. 
19. After all, immigration reform advocates have criticized Obama for failing to follow through on his promise to make immigration reform a top priority during his first term.
 20. Obama won a big majority of Hispanic votes in both of his elections. 
21. The trend alarms Republican strategists, who fear their party won't win another presidential election until it repairs its bad relations with Latinos. 
22. That could provide an historic opportunity for Democrats, who have long sought comprehensive immigration reform, to reach a deal with Republicans even where previous bipartisan deals have flopped.
 23. The Republican-controlled House already has taken its first steps toward showing it's ready to pursue a new way forward on immigration, voting last month to make green cards accessible to foreign students graduating from U.S. universities with advanced science and math degrees.
24.  A more sweeping bill presumably would deal not only with legal residents but also with the estimated 11 million people in the U.S. illegally — a major sticking point in past immigration battles.
 
___
 
NATIONAL SECURITY
 
25. Not all of Obama's second-term puzzles are at home. 
26. The end to the war in Iraq and the drawdown of U.S. forces in Afghanistan present ongoing challenges, as do the civil war in Syria, political turmoil in Egypt and instability and violence in northern Mali. 
27. Also, it remains to be seen whether Republican indignation over inadequate security at the U.S. diplomatic mission in Libya where four Americans were killed on Sept. 11 will continue to vex Obama next year.
 28. The start of the Obama's second term also means a shake-up within his Cabinet. 
29. On Friday, Obama nominated Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., to succeed Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton when she steps down early next year. 
30. Kerry's nomination is expected to easily clear the Senate, where he has served for the last six years as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee.
 
31. It may not be smooth sailing when it comes to nominating a new military chief. 
32. Former Sen. Chuck Hagel, R-Neb., considered to be Obama's leading candidate to replace Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, is facing intense criticism on a number of fronts, including his views on Israel and Iran, and comments he made in 1998 about an openly gay nominee for an ambassadorship.

Comments:
1. The media/celebs etc. will stop taking advantage of every American when Americans stop giving them attention, buying the products they advertise, Buying their newspapers, magazines, movies, etc. The quickest way to stop a Bully is to stop patronizing them or funding them!! Ignoring is powerful!

2. Hollywood, the news media, are owned by corporations owned by the powerful in the Counsel on Foreign Relations, a new world order front.

3. Thank God we have presidential term limits after FDR. Now we need the same limits on memebers of Congress put in place.

4. How did Gun control become a key issue. It's like 1,000 on the list of issues this nation has.

5. It only takes one gun in the hands of a killer. Guns will never be banned all that will happen is honest people will now own guns illegally.

6. A real "News" organization would present both sides equally, maybe with some pros and cons, but we have few professional News organizations these days

7. Immigration - we need to follow the laws that we have on the books. No executive order amnesties for illegals.

8. Where is the economy? Where is the national debt? Seems like these are big issues. As for gun control why do all the political elites, actors, famous folk, etc. Travel with a cadre of armed body guards when they are so against guns? All these shootings occurred in gun free zones or places with extremely stricken gun laws-now look up the word entropy-and there is your answer. And why treat the symptom rather than the dis-ease? Called that all these gun shooters were on psychotropic medications-wrong med or med known to cause violence in these specific population groups. And I could go on with this odd ideas called science but no go for the mythology. No one wants to take on the pharmaceutical companies-too big and powerful. And these drugs compel violence!!! But since we are better living thru chemistry-we will never treat the cause. By the way-all Charlie mansons killings were done with knives as I recall.

9. I'm sure all the unemployed don't mind waiting while important matters like gay marines proposing at the whitehouse get the prority

10. What a shame that the people who don't make a difference voted for Obama.

11. Most Americans don't want immigration reform. Enforce the laws we have!

12. "I will promise you this, that if we have not gotten our troops out by the time I am president, it is the first thing I will do. I will get our troops home, we will bring an end to this war. You can take that to the bank."
 - B. Obama, October 27, 2007
 
13. This lying prick of a president STILL hasn't done the FIRST thing he promised the American people.

14. Give me a thumbs if you think the President and Congress should have stayed in DC and worked to avoid a fiscal disaster instead of enjoying an undeserved Christmas holiday.

15. Why did Mr. Obama whisper to Russia's president (and an open mic) that he'd have "more flexibility" after reelection to cut back our missile defense system in a way pleasing to Russia's Vladimir Putin? And is this why Putin is now more relaxed about rattling nuclear sabers?
 
16. ? Why does Mr. Obama refuse to answer any questions about the successful terror attack in Benghazi except when he's appearing on Dave Letterman, The View, or Comedy Central?
 
? Why did Mr. Obama support destabilizing uprisings in Libya and Egypt, but offer no support to demonstrators in Syria or Iran?
 
? Why has Mr. Obama given billions of taxpayer dollars to Brazil, Columbia, and Mexico to drill for oil, while cutting back access to American drilling fields and generally crippling our fossil fuel industries?
 
? In response to an Al-Qaeda terror attack that killed Ambassador Stevens and three other Americans, why did the president go to the United Nations and announce "the future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam"?
 
? Has Mr. Obama secretly collaborated with Iran on the timing of a possible "October Surprise" announcement of a potential deal to (finally) allow inspections of nuclear enrichment facilities in return for the removal of economic sanctions? And as a follow-up, why are those sanctions even in place if foreign policy "expert" Joe Biden says Iran's enrichment of uranium isn't even a meaningful threat?
 
? Why is the president ready to throw away our military gains in Iraq and Afghanistan?
 
? Why is this Commander-in-Chief willing to slash the budget of the military with "sequestration" after his administration (and political party) was completely unable and unwilling to trim any significant expenses from the budget?
 
? Most importantly, after four years of foreign policy disasters, why do our allies now doubt us and our enemies not respect us? Is the world a better place than it was four years ago? NO!

17. How hard was it for Obama to give things away?
 Free amnesty.
 Free health care.
 Free contraception.
 Free GM bail out.

18. The Fiscal Cliff isn't a problem Excessive spending is. Don't raise the debt limit and make Obama submit a budget for once in his life.

19. All solved within 30 seconds: 1)Gun control - Stick to the 2nd Amendment, 2)Fiscal cliff - Tax "the rich" at reasonable rate WHILE drastically cutting on spending, 3)Detailed inspection of our borders, build a high tech border protection plus 24 h Army duty to protect it, 4)Quit being the world's policeman so that the world may stop hating us. Simple.

unemployment, border control, Bengazi,etc. (notice they did not mention Bengazi by name?)

20. I am sure Mr. Obama will handle these pressing issues with the same strategy he used during his first term: Golf, Vacations and Blaming others.

21. the gun banning socialist commie that brought down america for his communist father,the attacker of american colonialism ! the man who hoodwinked half of america into there own destruction.

22. First four years was about Health care, wonder if the next four will be about gun control ?
 How about spending the next four years working on jobs and a budget ?

How can you advertise for Failure in a history book or for a job interview.

23. Obama cannot address problems. Obama is a blamer. He has no intellect for intelligent problem solving. Obama can only blame and bully. This second term may doom Obama to the distinction of the most incompetent world leader since Cain killed Able. Obama is Cain!

24. The anti-American socialistic POS abomination of a President Hussein Obama thinks he is a dictator and will never leave office.

25. IF PRESIDENT DIPSH## CUT THE DEBT IN HALF LIKE HE PROMISED
 
26. his next 4 years would be a party... but president toolbag partied the first 4 years instead

27. The NWO misinformation media does not mention that Obama's goal is the bring down AMERICA.

28. the gun banning socialist commie that brought down america for his communist father,the attacker of american colonialism ! the man who hoodwinked half of america into there own destruction.

29. He will be remembered as the first socialist President and the one when America goes bankrupt financially and morally.

30. 4 more years of lies & failures ... and the lowlife lazy welfare recipients wanting more TRILLIONS from odummy!

31. Since everyone in this country owes $50,000 towards our $16 trillion national debt, let every immigrant coming to this country pay their fair share.

32. The most disgusting phrase ever uttered or printed uggg president obama yuk

33. Obama will go down in history as gun salesman of the millenium. His policies are causing firearms to be sold at a record pace that has been unheard of in modern times. If you threaten to take something from Americans that is their lawful right to own as guaranteed by the 2nd ammendment. Then we are gonna get them while we can and dare you to come take them.

34. Like why is he still in office? He gets an all expense paid vaction on tax dollars while the rest of us barley clear our bills. Yea more of this please "not."

35. It's gonna be a L-O-N-G four years folks. 
I suggest you start hoarding your money.

36. Illegals can afford to come here and learn affording these educations as/while Americans struggle we get pushed out there has got to be a LAW !

37. One man can lift you up. You may not believe in the bible, but be assured of this:

 ONE BEING CAN AND INTENDS TO PUSH YOU OVER THAT CLIFF.

38. Americans are angry, the middle class feels slighted. Our children and our society are under attack by homegrown terrorists and this govt can't even admit it. They just wanna trample the rights of honest people. Our allies around the world seem a bit confused at the lack of American leadership. Our national debt is unfathomable and this President is demanding unlimited borrowing authority. Russia has nuclear subs off the US coasts. China is arming itself to the teeth. Iran is building nukes and NK is fireing off rockets. Where is American leadership Mr. President? What is our space program doing? Why are our taxes going up $2000 a year? Why does big oil and big finance still have a free ticket to bury US whenever they want? Why are food prices skyrocketing? The US is close to the largest producer of oil in the entire world, why are gas prices so high? What are you doing for US Mr. President, besides sitting in the sun in some tropical paradise, while we're all cold and tired.

39. Spend, spend, spend.....who cares? Run up the deficit to 100 trillion dollars. It doesn't matter....we need someone like Gingrich to force a balanced budget. These people are all insane, trying to grab as much money as they can. Low-information liberals just party on!

40. Hey Obama, I'll give up my guns rights if you stop needing the secrect service's protection.

41. What an absolute buffoon. The president should be someone of accomplishment - not a ridiculous peasant punk. We haven't had a semi-presidential president since H.W. Bush. I guess that's a thing of the past. We've "evolved" (devolved) as a nation to cornball pop culture reality tv double digit IQ #$%$. 
---A Gay Republican

42. Damn! The mofo actually SCARED ME when I saw him staring out the limo window like that. Look at the hatred and alienation written all over his face. Folks, America f'ked up big time reelecting this spooky guy!

43. Other than the gun control issue, didn't he promise to have solved these problems in his first term? He had the house and senate for the first 2 years, why weren't they solved then? For that matter, why didn't they pass a budget?

44. That Kenyan redbone ebonomics drove the economy into the ditch.

45. Barack Hussein Obama (a.k.a. Barry Soetoro, a.k.a. Saebarkah), the 44th President of the United States of America is a communist. Obama precisely fits
 former FBI head, J. Edgar Hoover’s definition of a communist. He has associations with members of the
 Communist Party USA and Democratic Socialists of America, was raised by
 communists, spent his adult life with communists, was mentored by communists,
 supports communists, belonged to at least one communist organization, attended
 at least one communist rally, worked for at least two communist bosses, is
 advised by communists and now, while in office, regularly meets with communists
 on a daily basis.

46. Obama still has those pursed lips again, unsure and nervous, this is one body language attribute he should be conscious of and rid himself of it entirely, at least in the public eye.

47. Iran is going to blow up in his face..and the liberal media doesn't even mention it,

48. If you can be ok with Obama taking a 4+ million dollar Christmas vacation in Hawaii while the other 300 million of us, rich and poor have our collective taxes raised so he can travel, play golf in the Islands and smoke his cigar, then its fine with me. I won't do a thing to support anything he has anything to do with while he's alive. Those of you who have a different opinion, well pay your taxes, get in line for Obamacare and leave me alone please. I will not be contributing anymore than forced to.

49. He will handle all of these issues with a few speeches, followed by an egregious amount of vacation(mainly with Michelle flying separately so they can double down on the tax payers), followed by some lame excuse of why he couldn't get the problem solved. How close am I?

50. This to all of you talking about tax hikes on the rich...Do you really think you are safe?? Taxes on the middle class will go up soon enough..Dont think they wont.

51. How about the economy? How about getting our people out of Afghanistan? Obama has been in office for four years now. His mantra during the first term was "It's Bush's fault". If the pass the buck game he plays include blame the previous President, then he has no one to blame but himself for the mess he is inheriting.

52. US Budget History
 
1998 -- $89.96 Billion Surplus CLINTON
 1999 -- $159.512 Billion Surplus CLINTON
 2000 -- $290.772 Billion Surplus CLINTON
 2001 -- $152.76 Billion Surplus BUSH
 2002 -- $186.204 Billion Deficit BUSH
 2003 -- $430.1 Billion Deficit BUSH
 2004 -- $462.56 Billion Deficit BUSH
 2005 -- $347.71 Billion Deficit BUSH
 2006 -- $260.4 Billion Deficit BUSH
 2007 -- $165.24 Billion Deficit BUSH
 2008 -- $455 Billion Deficit BUSH
 2009 -- $1.416 TRILLION Deficit OBAMA <-------------
 2010 -- $1.294 TRILLION Deficit OBAMA <-------------
 2011 -- $3.5 TRILLION Deficit OBAMA <---------------
 2012 -- $4.7 TRILLON Deficit OBAMA <----------------

53. Fiscal cliff, what fiscal cliff, we need to spend time protecting people from themselves. Immigration, not a problem, every mexican has the right to comes steal and send their spoils back to mexico. Again, our government will seek legislation to serve the minority over the needs of the majority.

54. How did this enemy get elected again? I don't know anyone who voted for him. Obama has done nothing but bring us down and it looks like he is not turning around. He thinks he is a king, all arrogant and totally lost as to what American values are.

55. There are SOOO many people in this country who really have no idea what is really going on. They are going to be so surprised when this country collapses. Like most Democrats, they always look for someone to blame other than themselves. The only small victory true Americans got from this last election, is we now get to set back and watch the Democrats destroy themselves, with NO one to blame BUT themselves. The sad part of all this is that we know that it is now too late to save America. It's all over now. Just a matter of time.......

56. obama is such a f u c king dumba s s..he is the worst president ever...ever

57. Tough issues facing Obama: when and where to take myriads of vacations without worldly and domestic affairs inconveniencing him.

58. His place in history? LOL laughing stock, most arrogant, ignorant, divisive, lying, bigoted, racist, fool that has ever disgraced his country by bowing down to foreign kings, killing amabassadors through inaction, lying to the country and his constiuents, calling for Hate voted and Revenge vote. A totally ignorant Negro who was a drug addict on the streets of Chicago, elected by people who want something for free, or just love him cause he's the same color as their ignorant self. I am glad that I left America and will return when he is out of office. As for me, give me liberty, or give me death!

59. It should be mandatory
 That The voice of the Government should never out weigh the voice of the people or the Constitution
 
60. That those that are in power to lead have to submit to all the same laws as the common man .or face the same penalties for breaking the law as the common man.
 
61. That there should be no exemptions for any politicians for any thing such as health care ,taxes or TSA pat downs, ect... as it is given to the common man
 
That All pay raises and perks must be voted on by the people that put them in power .
 
That all bills be fully read and debated by congruous before being voted on .
 
That it be illegal to do any backroom deals giving personal gain to those in power ,whether it be for monetary,political reasons or to pass their agendas.
 
That adding riders on bills be no longer allowed to be used to pass a bill ,to win votes to pass a bill ,or further ones agenda
 
That all pork barrel spending should be done away with
 
That the defect can not rise beyond the amount taken in by the government in a tax year unless for a good reason ,defined by a pre set guideline or voted by the people.except in the case of emergency.
 
That it be illegal to spend money just to fill a budget so the budget won't be smaller the next year .or to wast those things bought so the budget well be bigger the next year.
 
That the government must be held accountable for the money give to it by the people .
 
That the government be held accountable for its actions and laws made that they truly be made for the people and not for government agendas .
 
That there be no presidential order that can trump the laws of congruous or the voice of the people .
 
that no government agency including the president has more power given it then that of the voice of the people
 
That there term limits on all people in office 

That Only laws permitted by the limited powers granted in The Constitution of The United States should be funded. Everything else belongs to The Sovereign States.
 
If these guidelines were adopted we would see more laws being made that would truly benefit the people

62. Since taking office, Obama has authorized numerous police state measures. They follow earlier ones under George Bush.
 
63. They're heading America for full-blown tyranny. It's already a hair's breadth away. It could arrive any time full force. It's been wrapped in the American flag all along.
 
64. Most people don't know how seriously their rights are compromised. Thousands of political prisoners in America's gulag hell testify about police state harshness. Much worse ahead looms.
 
65. On March 7, 2011, Obama's Executive Order 13567 authorized indefinite detentions and military commission trials. Doing so violated America's Fifth Amendment. It states:
 
No person….shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law…. 

66. Bush administration officials, of course, originally authorized military commissions. They're lawless by any standard. They permit torture. They deny international law protections.

67. It doesn't matter what Obama does or how utterly he fails, he will be painted as a "Hero", a "Savior", and the "Greatest president in the history of the world". In fact, he already has been despite his having the worst term any president has ever had in US history.
 In the liberal world of "reverse reality", failures are considered to be "accomplishments" when applied to the left.
 68. The liberals' motto: "Blame everything on the other guy, ignore the failures, label Obama as "champion", and go on living in fantasy and ignorance."

69. Democrats bought the USA the worst "gift" ever on November 6th 2012.....
 Obama.....the "gift" that keeps on taking.

70. I'm sorry, but Obama couldn't run a pizza shop on his own. He knows "NOTHING" about economics. He does nothing but parrot what his so-called advisors put up on the tele-prompter, nothing more. This guy is nothing but a dangeous clown.

71. There are 18 States that pay more into the Federal Gov't than they get back. 17 of those States voted for Obama.
 We can see who the real freeloaders are in America.

72. I'm not Shell Shocked...The Cliff is something that they ALL have worked out together..If we so called "Fall" they can ALL spend the rest of their time blaming the others..None care about immigration and the ONLY Security that ANY of them is worried about is Their Own...Obama already has his place in History..The first Black President.

73. Obama only has one more "A" to go in our "AAA" rating until we match the rest of the world!

74. you know the economy's bad, if you're kids didn't get as much this christmas.

75. In a private company, you would has to lose holiday and work many hours try to meet the deadline while clearly that doesn't apply to politician.

76. I did NOT vote for him in 2008 or 2012 !!! I do NOT think he has the Juevos Rancheros to Get the Job Done !!!!!

77. Marxist filth, I hope he spends christmas day with stomach flu/salmonela combo

78. In "high" school Barry would toke weed with friends in a sealed car and inhale the last of the precious smoke near the roof. Called it "chooming". Read his autobiography. He's a joker, he's smoker, he's a midnight toker!

79. If Bush had doubled the national debt, which had taken over 2 centuries to accumulate, in 1 year (2009) ....would you have approved??.....OBAMA DID!

80. Right now, his only thought is how to get the good Hawaiian hash back to D.C.

81. Dear Voters; I'll be in Kailua, Hawaii for the "fiscal cliff". But, I'll be thinking about all you poor middle low class freezing your butts off back home. When Moochel and I get back, she will be lining up her European vacations. And I, will be lining up all of my golf schedule’s. 
“Mele Kalikimaka and Hau’oli Makahiki Hou.” Suckers

82. If actions speak louder than words....My life savings just went deaf under Obama.

83. THere wouldn't be so many issues if we had an american president, one with common sense, one who didn't hate america. Obuttstain is the worst of all worlds.

84. Golfing, vacations, junk music, fashions, dining, movies, swimming,date nights, hoop shooting- shopping---- What issues are you referring to??

85. Remember where obama went during the Gulf spill?...... Maine.
 Remember where obama was we he decided to bomb Libya??..... Brazil

86. Do a Putin, Obama! There is enough liberal support! Surely they would LOVE to have a full time progressive/liberal -reprogramming President! LQQK at all the blind and dumb youth you have brainwashed into the New Order! DO A PUTIN! YES WE CAN YES WE CAN.
 YES YOU ALL F____U_______C_____K_______I_____N_____G__ CAN!

87. Let's see... First, how can I place America in captivity quicker? I'm working on the U.N.Gun Treaty and through the gov't to make citizens defenseless, increased the nation's debt on a record scale with more to come, kept the borders open for all things illegal to come through, am spending money and blood fighting terrorists in Afghanistan while aiding others in the Mid East and Africa... Oh yeah, now it's time to schedule more vacations and trips. Make that, working vacations. How I love my airliner!

88. His legacy...complete failure in economics, safety/security, foreign affairs, and downgrades in credit ratings and morality for the country....

89. For the next four years Republicans will go to bed every night believing there is a Socialist, Marxist, Muslim from Kenya in the White House without a birth certificate.

90. Middle class wealth has declined vs upper income wealth over the last three decades. For the economy to expand the middle class must be strong. If there is demand for products more people will be put back to work. This expands the tax base. Tax cuts for the rich do not create jobs if the middle class is too straped and not buying products. The wealthy are sitting on trillions now. They can't create jobs if no one is buying....

91. He think he is going to do everything he can change America as much as possible into some sort of socialist utopia. Everything he has done so far has been like a slap in the face of everything 5 generations of my family thought was important. Most of all working for what you have and believing in the bible is treated like a crime. Americans who were born here are treated like foreigners in their own country while foreigners are treated like they are entitled to everything.

92. Wow if they gave him Time's man of the year without doing anything, they may crown him emerpor-god if he actually does something worthwhile.

93. Obama's legacy is easy; A failure who got elected by the moronic and simple minded.

94. Today is the day before Christmas.
 Democrats bought the USA the worst "gift" ever on November 6th 2012.
 It's kinda like getting a chia-pet.

95. Three of these issues could have been addressed and improved in his first term; perhaps his vacations tired him out too much.

96. Santa Bama just came to my house !
 He left my wife and I Layoff Notices and Stole our Childrens Futures !
 I guess its like he says, Give and Take

97. So Obama is contemplating the problems he created. Do what you can within the rules of our constitution,,but don"t tread on our constitution. We don"t want your candt#$%$ con,and we don"t want your big Government,,your big Government takeover,,or your big Government taxes. You work for us and don"t seem to have what we want: Jobs,,American made,,and a privet sector economy without you in it!!!!

98. The birth of the United States of America - July 4th, 1776, the Declaration of Independence from Great Britain and King George III, ratified by the Continental Congress.
 
The death of the United States of America - November 4, 2008 - King Barack Hussein Obama II elected 44th president of the United States of America.
 
99. Nice job. R.I.P. Liberty and Freedom

100. The only reason I think about Obama's skin color is because Libs keep bringing it up.

101. Obama can scam half the USA citizens yet the rest of the world laughs at him.

102. F, F, F, F, on the four issues, playing golf, A, insulting white peope, A, kissing arab butts, A, spending more money, A

103. How is putting thousands of skilled machinists out of work with an assault weapon ban creating jobs you incompetent moron

104. Obama is an idiot. The intelligent U.S. citizen knows that. The ignorant don't and voted for the doofus. The U.S. would be far better off if little Barry took a 4 year hiatus and never reappeared in Washington D.C. And let the idiot DumboCrap congress persons stay away. Then maybe our national debt would be reduced. Obama and the DumboCraps are poison.

105. Its time to resign Obama you are failure , a product of Affiirmatvie Acttion. Its the only reason you and Michelle had Ivy league eduactions. YOU KNOW IT

106. every working american needs to call their congressmen and let them know that we need to cut welfare and medicaid in half . SS and medicare for elderly aren't the problem the freebees for illegals and those generations of minorities that have babies on purpose to collect more are over. Or you dont call and they take food out of your childrens mouth!!!!! liberals dont like to hear the truth because they carry well deserve guilt for allowing this to happen to real americans.

107. President Obama needs to act more like a leader of ALL Americans than a one dimensional Liberal who hides in Hawaii.

108. Obumma might as well resign now. He is a failure on all of these categories and countless more.

109. What's scary is not that he secured a second term. What's scary is that half of the country trusts and believes in this Marxist.

110. Gun control a key issue? Sure go ahead if you want a civil war on your hands and trust me we're already pObama's place in history...passing socialized medicine that is unaffordable and cause companies to lay off workers, lying about Benghazi and causing the deaths of four consulate people, a Navy Seal, Bryan Terry, two ATF agents and hundreds of Mexican civilians and police because of the guns he gave the cartels....Oh, 5.5 Trillion added to the National Debit!

111. Obama's real adverse affects on the country will determine his place in history rather than where the media will place this celluloid president.

112. If Obama keeps up what he's been doing, he's going to be marked as the worst President in American history!!!!

113. Now we are at the supposed fiscal cliff that every politician is crying. But with something this important happening not only the president but both the house and the senate go on vacation. Boy that shows how much both party's care about America.

114. OBAMA..... ever the ghetto organizer. Reaping the rewards from giving taxpayer money (called stimulus) to the Wall Street fat cats! ObAMA stands up and rants against these thieves while currying their favor by giving them cash and back door sweetheart deals like he just gave Warren Buffett on the Bank of America deal.....TRUE STORY

115. Barry the fairy jacks his little weenie daily to the thought of gun control while the wookie laughs at him

116. His second term will be just as big a disaster as his first. No budget, taxes on the rise, unemployment up, and let's just go after gun control. What a putz.

117. When the conceited fool commissions a sculptor to create a bust of himself that will serve as a memorial on Mt. Rushmore, there is no doubt as to which posture he will adopt as a model for the portrait. He will bend over and give everyone a gleaming view of his sphincter. Which will be appropriate, since that will give the commemoration speech he makes the best sound quality.

118. As we go further in debt they use our own tax money to buy us out. 16 trillion and counting !

119. My math professor figured our national debt to be somewhere in the lines of $55,000 per second - and that's before the peace keeping deployments to Africa.

120. The sooner he's gone the better!! The worst dictator in the History of the USA!!

121. Obama is truly worthless and evil for America there can be no mistake, but he is sure living the high life of a 1%er at the tax payers expense and the democrats are just to stupid to see it, Obama is laughing at their total ignorance.

122. BARRACK HUSSEIN OBAMA, on a PERSONAL MISSION to DESTROY OUR NATION, he may very well be our LAST PRESIDENT at the rate he is taking us!!!!!!!!!

123. yes sir,,,,ole Prez obummer does have his spot in American History..
 THE ONLY ILLEGAL THAT HAS BEEN VOTED IN AS PREZ. OF THE U.S.A. by the dumbest people in the world...

124. Well I would order that list a little different than these liberal nitwits! national security first, Immigration like securing our borders second and then the so called man made fiscal cliff and last but not least gun control which is actually taken care of with thesecond admendment so like th efiscal cliff not much to do there! but I'm sure that will not stop Odrama.

125. This failure's histroy has already been written, he has replace Jimmy Carter as the worst and most divisive potus ever. I am counting down the days till this maggot is gone for good!

126. Clinton/gingrich found common ground and had great success......Obama/bohner doesn't show the same promise.....barry does not know how to compromise or get along, he only knows my way or the highway

127. Obama job plan Borrow more tax more create more government jobs. Buy more votes for the next democrat. give private industry to the unions. and bankrupt the nation. All the time blaming the rich which he and his friends are part of. And the stupid people think he'll give it up. Would you? I doubt it very much!

128. It is not possible to first tax the people send it to the Government and have them redistribute it and believe that we will all be better off. If passing out money was the answer why dosen't the Government write everbody a check say a million dollars each.The Government can only give what it first takes away from someone that earned it or borrow it and neither are good for growth in the private sector.

129. I love the way the press puts them in order as they would like to see them dealt with.

130. The wealthy for decades have been sending armies of lobbyist, like Grover Norquist, to Washington with the specific purpose of getting loopholes and deductions on their taxes and to transfer wealth from the middle class to the wealthy. Top tax rates on the wealthy are low by historical standards since we started collecting. A CEO 30 years ago used to earn 40x's that of a line worker. The ratio today is 400 to 1. Lower taxes on the rich do not create jobs. A strong middle class creates demand for goods and therefore more jobs. Our debt was brought on by too much government. Too much welfare, social programs that were too exccessive. But also by corporate welfare and tax cut on the wealthy that were too exccessive. We all, dems (social programs) and repubs (defense), wanted government spending. A true conservative pays his debts....

131. Israel & America have been set-up. The orchestrated Arab Spring uprisings, and now the current phase were designed by the BO Administration, the globalist Progressive-Left & their unholy allies: political Islam, including the MB. This is part of their larger plan to severely weaken the US economically, drastically change our foreign policy & abandon our allies, and appease Islam's demonic obssession of isolating & eliminating Israel, which they can't do without damaging America first. Obama is their hand-picked mole. A foreign enemy working within. Socialists & Islamists have no national loyalties. They want a global gov't under their joint control. They view a free Judeo-Christian America & Israel as the obstacles to their agenda's success...The Muslim Brotherhood and Obama are partners in lying to non-muslims, practicing "Taqiyya." .The son of a maggot Muslim DRUNK can't escape his Muslim roots!

132. I can't believe politician can still have vacation less than a week before everyone might get huge tax increase.

133. Obama wants to drive off the fiscal cliff so he can rake in big this tax season,,pay attention,,this mans motives are plain to see!!! What is and has been most important,,and what has he been doing!!!

134. He came into office and there was a job crisis. What does he do? He goes down the usual liberal wet dream checklist instead.

135. Obamas place in history is already set, just below Jimmy Carters as the worst.

136. Are they kidding? He won't face any tough issues! He will accomplish nothing. He will be too busy vacationing and traveling the world on our tax money.

137. Obama is such a #$%$ poor president! He is the worst we ever had or will ever have!!

138. obama does not care abt the usa all he cares abt is how much he can send over seas and how much he can #$%$ up the usa and how much he can put in his pocket.
 and we all have 4 more years left to deal with all his #$%$ lies he has done nothing that i can see for the usa all that i can see is he put the usa deeper in troubel.

139. "Obama's final term" yeah right! Like every evil dictator this guy will try for a 3rd and 4th term. This is why he wants to get rid of guns.

140. For every tough issue this POS faces, he will fail at and then blame someone else. He is nothing more than a lousy organizer with a big gift basket.

141. Obama is not gonna be able to do anything regarding gun controls except make it more difficult to buy guns.

142. Where is the deficit and debt on his list? He will go down as the biggest spender in history. His vacation to HI is costing taxpayers 3.2 mil just for AF 1 expenses. Then there are costs for Secret Service, 25 president's staff, FBI, local police, etc

143. just before the Obama's left on the tax payer funded 4 million dollar vacation, they had some visitors at the whitehouse, the first was George Washington, he reminded barry about the cherry tree, Thomas Jefferson was next, and told barry to surely up hold the constitution just as barry had sworn to, next was abe Lincoln with an extra ticket and invited barry to the play......

144. Big question is will there still be a USA in four years? Maybe a small weak usa?

145. we need to enforce the law that says only american citizens can be potus asnd verify anyone whose name is hussein, i mean come on, a no brainer. the biggest fraud ever perpetrated on usa population

146. Why do you think the tough issues are for next term??? He's had all tough issues this term and HASN'T DONE ANYTHING ABOUT ANYTHING!!!!!!!! All we've had is campaigning, campaigning, campaigning!!!! Now he's in again, it's time for a vacation for him and mooshell!!

147. I for one, am not following Obama's policies. It is possible that this fiscal cliff will is a blessing in disguise and will force our leaders in Washington to abide by the rules of fiscal responsibility rather than accrue more debt, slim the size of government and force many American's to be more creative about obtaining employment even if it means relocation.
 We've been sucking off the tit for too long.

148. Obama's toughest issue will be getting the U.S. over $20 trillion in debt before his term is finished. But I am sure he will have a 56% approval rating after he does it. But i cannot wait until Austerity Measures start. I am 41 with over 20 years in the oil field. The world will always need oil while I am alive. I will be laughing at the T.V. of liberals rioting in the streets from cozy living room.

149. The poor little democRATS have plenty to worry about if the next four years don't go their way. It won't. Their way is the fall of a once mighty nation. The rest of us will have to take them by the hand and save them from themselves. We already pay their share of the taxes we might as well teach them right from wrong (left).

150. Fiscal Cliff - Cut the wasted spending
 Immigration - We have plenty of laws on the books. Use them.
 National Security - Stop apologizing for this once great country you have about destroyed.
 Gun Control - Start putting the bad guys in jail and stop letting them back out. Libs are just too soft on the bad guys but will take the rights away for an honest citizen. Some changes need to be made on who can get a gun if they have mental issues. Mass murders or murder by any means is the issue not guns.
 Allow God back into our schools and lifes.

151. People will chew Biden to bits. And put him on the freak list with Michael Moore.

152. Guns don't kill liberals, liberals kill liberals.
 
153. Irresponsible idiots with self destruction behavior and you want republicans to fund it.
 
154. Go f-yourselves, go off the cliff and stay there.

155. The first thing is address the out of control spending in the Federal System on all levels..too many government agencies that we do not need or need over hauling.

156. Wait till the crash. it's coming. Then there will be plenty of blame to go around for everyone.

157. Trying to be nice here, since it's now Christmas day. Suffice to say, this guy had no business being hired for this job in the first place. As for the 2nd hiring, I'm still trying to figure that out!
