WASHINGTON (AP) — 
1. New taxes are coming Jan. 1 to help finance President Barack Obama's health care overhaul. Most people may not notice. 
2. But they will pay attention if Congress decides to start taxing employer-sponsored health insurance, one option in play if lawmakers can ever agree on a budget deal to reduce federal deficits.
 3. The tax hikes already on the books, taking effect in 2013, fall mainly on people who make lots of money and on the health care industry. 
4. But about half of Americans benefit from the tax-free status of employer health insurance. Workers pay no income or payroll taxes on what their employer contributes for health insurance, and in most cases on their own share of premiums as well.
 5. It's the single biggest tax break the government allows, outstripping the mortgage interest deduction, the deduction for charitable giving and other better-known benefits. 
6. If the value of job-based health insurance were taxed like regular income, it would raise nearly $150 billion in 2013, according to congressional estimates. 
7. By comparison, wiping away the mortgage interest deduction would bring in only about $90 billion.
 8. "If you are looking to raise revenue to pay for tax reform, that is the biggest pot of money of all," said Martin Sullivan, chief economist with Tax Analysts, a nonpartisan publisher of tax information.
 9. It's hard to see how lawmakers can avoid touching health insurance if they want to eliminate loopholes and curtail deductions so as to raise revenue and lower tax rates. 
10. Congress probably wouldn't do away with the health care tax break, but limit it in some form. 
11. Such limits could be keyed to the cost of a particular health insurance plan, the income level of taxpayers or a combination.
 12. Many economists think some kind of limit would be a good thing because it would force consumers to watch costs, and that could help keep health care spending in check. 
13. Obama's health law took a tentative step toward limits by imposing a tax on high-value health insurance plans. 
14. But that doesn't start until 2018.
 15. Next spring will be three years since Congress passed the health care overhaul but, because of a long phase-in, many of the taxes to finance the plan are only now coming into effect. 
16. Medicare spending cuts that help pay for covering the uninsured have started to take effect, but they also are staggered. 
17. The law's main benefit, coverage for 30 million uninsured people, will take a little longer. 
18. It doesn't start until Jan. 1, 2014.
 19. The biggest tax hike from the health care law has a bit of mystery to it. 
20. The legislation calls it a "Medicare contribution," but none of the revenue will go to the Medicare trust fund. 
21. Instead, it's funneled into the government's general fund, which does pay the lion's share of Medicare outpatient and prescription costs, but also covers most other things the government does.
 22. The new tax is a 3.8 percent levy on investment income that applies to individuals making more than $200,000 or married couples above $250,000. 
23. Projected to raise $123 billion from 2013-2019, it comes on top of other taxes on investment income. 
24. While it does apply to profits from home sales, the vast majority of sellers will not have to worry since another law allows individuals to shield up to $250,000 in gains on their home from taxation. (Married couples can exclude up to $500,000 in home sale gains.)
 25. Investors have already been taking steps to avoid the tax, selling assets this year before it takes effect. 
26. The impact of the investment tax will be compounded if Obama and Republicans can't stave off the automatic tax increases coming next year if there's no budget agreement.
 27. High earners will face another new tax under the health care law Jan. 1. 
28. It's an additional Medicare payroll tax of 0.9 percent on wage income above $200,000 for an individual or $250,000 for couples. 
29. This one does go to the Medicare trust fund.
 30. Donald Marron, director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, says the health care law's tax increases are medium-sized by historical standards. 
31. The center, a joint project of the Brookings Institution and the Urban Institute, provides in-depth analyses on tax issues.
 32. They also foreshadow the current debate about raising taxes on people with high incomes. 
33. "These were an example of the president winning, and raising taxes on upper-income people," said Marron. "They are going to happen."
Other health care law tax increases taking effect Jan. 1:
 34. — A 2.3 percent sales tax on medical devices used by hospitals and doctors. Industry is trying to delay or repeal the tax, saying it will lead to a loss of jobs. Several economists say manufacturers should be able to pass on most of the cost.
 35. — A limit on the amount employees can contribute to tax-free flexible spending accounts for medical expenses. It's set at $2,500 for 2013, and indexed thereafter for inflation.


Comments:
1. Stop giving our money to countries that hate us! I'm tired of working and the goverment giving away so much money.

2. Id say the food stamp program is a big contributor to the soaring food cost at the grocery store. Its being pushed by the food lobby Im sure. They should limit food stamps to bulk items like rice etc.

 3.Articles like this had zero chance of seeing the light of day just 2 months ago. surprise.

4. Companies and businesses will compensate by having more part time employees that won't qualify for health care coverage.

5. nobody postin here should be shocked at this..... anybody with one eye and half sense knew this was gonna happen........

6. The fact nobody read this thing...and passed it anyway.
 
7. Pretty much says it all.

8. What "health care overhaul"? There was no "health care overhaul", only a mandate that altered the way it is paid for.

9. "You must pass it...to find out what's in it" - Nancy Pelosi
 
And they did just that. Passed it without knowing what's in it. And the media, like YAHOO here...let them get away with it!

10. CBO estimated that OblamerCare would cost $944 billion over ten years when it first passed. But now CBO estimates it will cost $1.8 trillion over ten years. Just like every gov. program, they always cost WAY more than what they tell you.

11. Is Obamacare a tax?
 Obama: No
 Supreme Court: Yes
 Obama: Gotcha!

12. "America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms it will be because we destroyed ourselves." -- Abraham Lincoln

13. If I was screwing over that many people, I would want to take away their guns too.

14. "If your family earns less than $250,000 a year, you will not see your taxes increased a single dime. I repeat: not a single dime.” Barack Obama
15. a
16. b
17. a
18. a
19. a
20. a
21. a
22. a
23. Let me see.....the Gov gave massive breaks to....
 
1) Irresponsible greedy people who bought homes they couldn't afford
 2) Greedy banks who gave #1 Liar loans
 3) An absurd cash for clunkers program that only benefited some people
 4) Endless entitlements to those who avoid work
 5) Another write-off of debt to people who, using no common sense, have taken on massive loans to pay for college
 
Now that they have bankrupted the nation they want to tax my health insurance. Tell me again why I should be an honest tax-payer & work hard ? I seem to have forgotten.

24. "I’m not gonna tax ya. I’m not gonna tax ya. The hell I ain’t" Congressman Joe Wilson said it best, "You lie!"

25. "A 2.3 percent sales tax on medical devices used by hospitals and doctors. Industry is trying to delay or repeal the tax, saying it will lead to a loss of jobs."
 
Hey AP, why not tell us the rest of the story?
 
26. "17 Senate Democrats and one Independent have all signed a letter sent to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid asking him to delay implementation of the Obamacare Medical Device Tax due to take effect at the beginning of 2013."

27. Gee the free health care is not so free now is it, But the welfare people will enjoy it even tho they already have health care paid by us.

28. The Republicans warned us about Obamacare no one listened now ENJOY!

29. This will have an ugly ending, perhaps in a few months all of you freeloaders will find out that there is nothing under the sun that is free! Damn you all f''ing fools!

30. So what are you going to do about this Americans? Instead of whining, what are you going to do about it?

31. You mean we have to PAY for Obamacare? I thought those evil rich people were going to pay for this free stuff. Oh dear ........ !

32. Doctors are a thing of the past you will be lucky to see one, your healthcare will be run by a person with very little education. Watch and see.

33. WAIT A DAMN MINUTE. OBLAMERCARE WAS SUPPOSE TO SAVE MONEY. you can't mean the messiah has lied to his serfs?

34. When a government starts spending heavily hang onto your wallets no matter what they say. All the money is in the middle income brackets, the rich are only like 2% and even if they were taxed at 100% it wouldn't put a dent. If you voted to see less of your own money with Obama then you deserve3 what you are about to get without any lube.

35. My favorite is the new tax on medical equipment. Make medical equipment more expensive, yep that'll lower medical cost! Liberalism is a mental disorder.

36. who was it that sid the reps were going to raise the taxes if you did not vote for the bomb?
 biden right after election
 being obama got re elected it is a mandate to raise taxes

37. Honestly. Black America is the most racist block there is. And they keep voting against their own self-interest because of Dems throwing them table scraps. If you're black, might want to take a good look at yourself. Unemployment in black America near 20%, among young males closer to 30%. Overwhelmingly opposed to gay marriage. Dem policy has destroyed 50% of black families (and a whole bunch of white families, too!). So you sell your dignity, self respect, and independence for an Obamaphone. By the way, Obama is 1/2 white, 7/16 Arabic, and 1/16 black. Nancy Pelosi says you're her dog, and you're too stupid to survive without the Dems. And Jessie Jackson says you better stay in line, cause he needs you to boycott the next business he attacks so he can afford another mistress. If it was ME, I'd be pretty hot at those people who have been playing me for a fool and treating me like dirt for 50 years. Try to act like you have enough self-respect to stop taking anything they dish out.

38. I'm not in debt and don't buy stuff I can't afford. Why can't our government do the same!! It's a shame they just find ways to obtain more funds to squander on stupid programs for lazy MFers!!!

39. The sheep got what they asked for and more goodies are on the way in the new year. Ignorance will be the downfall of this country and all because the man has black skin. If Obama were white, the first news story about Rev. Wright would have been Obama's end.

40. "We will decide how much discretionary income you need." 
U.S. liberals

41. This is what the American people voted for (not me)....
 You voted to give a drug addict (the goverment) more drugs (money)....
 All this money will be wasted away and do very little good....

42. Let me see if I have this right, I won't notice Obama's tax hikes but I will notice others. Obama has been saying he won't raise taxes while he's raising taxes.

43. 5 Hard And Fast Economic Rules That EVERYONE, including Politicians better keep in mind.
If you tax it, it shrinks.
If you subsidize it, it grows.
You CANNOT Borrow Your Way Out Of Debt.
You Cannot Spend Your Way Into Properity.
There is NO SUCH THING AS GOVERNMENT MONEY, Especially "FREE" Government Money. There is only money taken from TAXPAYERS.
 
44.  Also, it might be a good idea to keep in mind that there is a difference between "Wealth" and "Income".
 
"Wealth" is built by spending less than you earn.
 Income is earned by providing a valuable service or creating/producing a valuable product.
 
45. Any time someone advocates confiscating wealth from those who have earned it and built it, they are advocating theft, pure and simple.
 
46. We do not have a lack of tax revenue in this country.
 We have a lack of "Fiscal Responsiblity" in this country.

47. Obama and the Dems screwed the American people.....and we didn't even get a kiss first.

48. Where will Obamacare come up with enough doctors to "theoretically" cover over 300 million people?

49. Mein Kampf and Dreams From My Father --- Both ideological, both narcissistic, both self-indulgent, both authored by damaged personalities, and the authors of both wound-up as heads of state.

50. What a great Christmas present for the 47% who have their hands out and pay no taxes.
 They are the ones who reelected him along with some number fudging.

51. How many people, middle class, will lose their jobs over new corporate taxes? How many people will get reduced health insurance so companies can stay below the 40% "Cadillac" insurance tax? How many people will lose their current health insurance when companies switch to Obamacare out of economic necessity?

52. You were warned for the past few years, If you think healthcare’s expensive now, just wait until it’s free.

53. Yahoo left off the last part! "Health care tax hikes for 2013 may be just a start
 
to civil War!

54. The rape of the medicare funds contributions must stop! It is illegal conversion of funds.... a class action suit by all American Seniors must be file ASAP....

55. Remember when Obama was proposing his healthcare he said it 'wont cost taxpayers a dime'

56. to the voters that bought the lies your pres. has been saying and the lame street media keeps telling you, there is no santa, your taxes are going up, and the taxes that the rich are paing are going to be passed down to you in the form of higher costs!!! there never has been anything that is "free"!!!! the people who get it free, are taking our taxes!!!!

57. If you have company sponsored healthcare now - you may not tomorrow.
 
Happy Holidays from ObamaCare -

58. I told so , I told so , dumb liberals and whoever voted for Odumbo , you all STUPID .

59. I can't wait for all the union employees to have to pay on their employer healthcare. Imagine when the govenment counts it as $20,000 extra income. Better find another $4,000 to send Uncle Sam.

60. What we need is a tax paying worker revolt, Just stop going to work. People we are being hung slowly why not take these clowns with us and stop their pay,If we don't work the Chinese won't loan them money.

61. Like my bumper sticker will say, Don't blame me. I voted for Romney.

62. I am a small business owner and I provide health insurance to my employees. It costs 12K per year for family health insurance coverage. If the goverment taxes this benefit it will be devastating to most of my employees.
 
63. How many of you Obama supporters can afford to pay tax on an additional 12k per year?

64. Remember pelosi?...we have to pass the bill so we can find out what's in it.

65. Somehing about "no new taxes on families that make less than $250,000" must have just been another lie that you people fell for

66. Taxes, taxes, taxes!!!!! That's what Obama Care is. Of course, most people think its free health. People with jobs will pay for it, while the current democratic base: unions, unemployed, illegals and do nothings will be exempt from the law and thus pay nothing!!!!!! This law should be repealed immediately!!!!!

67. How those credit cards looking?a nation want to live off of credit......what sane people does when the bills comes do? Pay their dam bills,this what our government should be doing.......nuts....

68. Stop your bellyaching, 51% voted for 4 more years, that just means that we that pay taxes, gotta pay for people who never worked a day in their lives and don't want to. Thats the 'Mandate' the great Oblamer was refering to!

69. You see morons all it ever was about was another way to get at your money. And eventually they will, in addition to the tax, you still have to pay the premium. Good luck idiot Left. What about the 3% tax you pay when you sell your home. California, middle income selling a 300,000.00 home x 3%=9000.00 in taxes, and thats just the Federal. It will take states about .00006 seconds to add their share. I LOVE THIS STUFF. If this is what it takes to collapse the United States government, WHOA. Lets get it on.

70. There is no limit to the income and benefits from which BHO desires to extract taxes, and all the fools who voted for him have given him the illusion of endorsement.

71. Liberals are sheep to slaughter, cheering their Marxist hero as he fleeces them of every dime.

72. This is no surprise. Obama said he wanted to tax more, and to spend more. In fact, he ran his entire campaign on tax and spend politics. That he was deceitful and hid the details of the nefarious plan is just his nature.

73. It is mathematically impossible to tax any business, including medical device companies. A business is nothing but a legal document. Documents can’t pay taxes. The companies collect the tax from you and me in the form of higher prices and remit it to the taxing 

74. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me!! Oh, wait he fooled the majority of the USA twice. ROFL.

75. wish they would run a story about where ALL the new doc/nurses
 hospitals are going to come from?Remember alot of baby boomers
 are going to retire...its going to be a big mess!

76. obama'shealthcare law is not about health, and the government doesn't care.

77. Democats asked this question: How do we insure millions of freeloaders?
 Well now you know
 Tax the middle class, who else?

78. You hear a lot about the pain about to be caused by the Bush tax cuts coming to an end. But did you notice the Press NEVER mentions the fact that the Obamacare taxes are about to kick in?

79. Obama's policies are lyrics he heard in a 10 years after song. "Tax the rich feed the poor tell there are no rich no more". What a great idea lets make everyone poor and dependent on government!!! Hooray what a utopia that will be huh libbies?

80. This is the key... As stated at the bottom of the article:
 "Several economists say manufacturers should be able to pass on most of the cost"
 ALL of these taxes will be passed on to us small people. If you raise the taxes on them, they raise the price on us.

81. Obama and the Democrats have destroyed the American economy, and next year the HealthCare destruction begins.

82. Mitt was right about the 47%, but those people getting the freebies become indignant when you actually call a spade a spade.

83. Reason for the slow incorporation of the unAffordable Health Care act--so the great messiah from Chicago could get reelected as idol to brain dead and socialist lovers in America.

84. Welcome to the world of reality, AKA 'there ain't no free lunches', liberals.
 SLICK WILLY WANTED TO CHARGE INCOME TAX ON THE EQUITY IN OUR HOMES NOW BA-RAK THE JUNGLE BOY, IS GOING TO TAX YOU ON THE INSURANCE PREMIUMS YOUR EMPLOYER PAYS.
 AMERIKA THE LAND OF IMPENDING COMMUNISM OR SHARIA LAW.. WHICH EVER COMES FIRST AND FASTEST...
 GOTTA GET THOSE GUNS OUT OF THE HANDS OF THOSE PESKY PATRIOTS FIRST THOUGH!~

85. Yup, as Nancy Pelosi said: You have to pass it to know what's in it, never mind reading it and debating it first. Wonder what other hidden treasures we will find.

86. But Mr. Obama, you promised us Obammy Bucks, sheet M'fer I wants my Obammy Bucks......Dumb idiots, you will never learn. Enjoy your new taxes

87. I cannot wait till the President blames the Republicans for this huge tax increase.

88. Only fools voted for Obama and they better not complain about tax hikes.

89. Bring on the new taxes, in fact, make them way bigger than was planed. Just then, maybe the idiots that voted for obama the second time will regret wasting their vote.

90. I thought the goal was to make healthcare more affordable to everybody. . .

91. The tax and spend LIBERAL LOONS will go after all our 401k's next! Any dimwit who actually thought that the "rich" would be the ONLY ones paying for the free chit Owebama has given out in fours years is deluded! RICH is ANYONE with a job left in this Socialist Owebama Utopia!

92. Conservatives voted against Oblamercare because of the obfuscated details. Liberals vote for anything flopped down in front of them if there's some emotional component to it that allows them to ignore any detrimental impact to someone else.

93. How about making the 47% welfare recipients go to work on the jobs Americans don't want?
 and How about making the 65% working Americans who pay no taxes contribute their share to the welfare pot?

94. Name 1 time you have SPENT YOURSELF OUT OF DEBT???? Anyone?

95. A simple test to see if you are educated enough to vote.
 
Can you guess who I am?
 
I was born in one country, raised in another. 
My father was born in another country. 
He fathered several children with numerous women. 
My father showed no interest in me and abandoned me.
 Although my father deserted me and my mother raised me, I later wrote a book idolizing my father not my mother. 
Later in life, questions arose over my real name. 
My birth records were sketchy. 
No one was able to produce a legitimate, reliable birth certificate. 
I grew up practicing one faith but converted to Christianity, as it was widely accepted in my new country, but I practiced non-traditional beliefs and didn't follow Christianity, except in the public eye under scrutiny. 
I wrote a book about my struggles growing up. 
It was clear to those who read my memoirs, that I had difficulties accepting that my father abandoned me as a child. 
I became active in local politics in my 30s then, with help behind the scenes, I literally burst onto the scene as a candidate for national office in my 40s. 
They said I had a golden tongue and could talk anyone into anything. 
I was called a charismatic speaker.
 I had a virtually non-existent resume, little work history, and no experience in leading a single organization. 
I drew incredibly large crowds during my public appearances. 
This bolstered my ego. 
At first, my political campaign focused on my country's foreign policy... 
I was very critical of my country in the last war, and seized every opportunity to bash my country. 
But what launched my rise to national prominence were my views on the country's economy. 
I pretended to have a really good plan on how we could do better, and every poor person would be fed and housed for free. 
I knew which group was responsible for getting us into this mess.
 It was the free market, banks and corporations. 
I decided to start making citizens hate them and they became envious of others who did well.
 I called mine "A People's Campaign". 
I was the surprise candidate because I emerged from outside the traditional path of politics and was able to gain widespread popular support. 
I knew that, if I merely offered the people 'hope', together we could change our country and the world. 
So, I started to make my speeches sound like they were on behalf of the downtrodden, poor, ignorant to include "persecuted minorities." 
My true views were not widely known and I kept them unknown, until after I became my nation's leader. 
I had to carefully guard reality, as anybody could have easily found out what I really believed, if they had simply read my writings and examined those people I associated with. I'm glad they didn't. 
Then I became the most powerful man in the world. 
And then the world learned the truth. 

Who am I? 

Answer : Adolf Hitler.... If you were thinking of someone else, you’re probably uneducated and will vote for someone just like Hitler!

96. President Obama - Thank you for screwing up our health care. Nancy Pelosi - thank you for passing something that you needed to pass first before you knew what was in it. Now we are starting to find out what was in it and we hate it.

97. I am sick of the Government.... Obama is making people so sick with his hate and divide by class warfare agenda... Spreading the wealth was his #1 objective and raising taxes on corporate America is really just going to cost jobs. THERE WANT REALLY BE ANY MORE REVENUE Because employers will make the necessary cost cutting measures to avoid any tax increase... His BIG PLAN IS NOT WORKING....

98. The democrats and Obama will make employer provided health care taxable. 
Because then, the employers will drop it.
 And then there will be no choice but Obama Care. 
EXACTLY AS PLANNED.

99. I think we should all thank all of the people who voted for Obama - he sure knows how to tax and spend our money - however no one really knows what has happened to the 6.5 + TRILLION DOLLARS - I am still woundering what Obama did with 200 BILLION DOLLARS from the 1st TRILLION DOLLARS for road ready projects that were not road ready -you Obama supporters please explain

100. Death panels for seniors are coming also!
 Morons put Obama back in office,enjoy the ride!

101. It is time that Tax Payers go on strike just like the Unions. If one million people who are in the top tax bracket place their taxes in escrow and refuse to hand it over till the Tax payers stop getting robbed by an out of control government. The Politicians will be forced to act very quickly to straighten themselves out. Is that not why we became a nation in 1776? Anyone who has to pay more than 25% of their pay to the government is being unfairly taxed (that includes property, state and indirect taxes). We went to war over a "6%" tax imposed by Britain because we had no representation. The federal government is enacting laws that go way beyond their constitutional boundaries and our courts and politicians will not listen to the people who PAY. Between 1776 and 1913 the United states survived and flourished quite well when there was NO federal income tax. For a hundred years we have overspent by massive margins despite the fact our government has taxed us to an even greater extent. Wake up America and get our government working for us and not for the special interests. IT IS THE TAX PAYER who is the special interest in the USA not anyone else.

102. More free stuff - 
The Philadelphia Health Department will install clear plastic dispensers brimming with free condoms at 22 of Philadelphia’s public high schools over winter break

103. Merry Christmas my liberal friends. It must be exciting for you. Unemployment benefits for another 4 years, so called "free healthcare", free phones, mortgages forgiven, college loans forgiven. All brought to you on the backs of the working people.

104. It really doesn't take a math professor to figure out that his promises cost exponentially more money than his projections

105. The USA is on it's way down thanks to the Low class liberals. It's just a matter of time. Obama is not an American and is out to destroy our country and he has done a good job of it so far thanks the the ignorant liberals.

106. Obama.Pelosi and Reid..proven liars and more to come. This is what the fools re-elected!

107. The American people are too stupid, and brainwashed, to even comprehend what they have done after being manipulated into re-electing Obama

108. Hey dumb liberals and whoever voted Odumbo , Odumbo and MSNBC, CNN, lied and screwed you all pretty good , I LOVE IT ..

109. lmfao! I TOLD ALL YOU DUMB A&&'S BUT YOU WOULD NOT LISTEN ENJOY THIS IS JUST THE BEGGING OF THE HAY RIDE. DUMB F'S YOU DESERVE IT ALL. AND REDUCED HEALTH CARE TO BOOT.

110. Don't worry. If you are getting health benefits from your employer, the IRS values a family of fours health benefit at $20,000. See, now your W2 will show an additional $20,000 of pay that you must pay taxes on. If this happends to you, I really hope you voted for Obama

111. When you are talking about taxes, it does not affect the Obamazombies! They pay no taxes!
 They are all for taxing the rest of us so they can lay back and collect from government!

112. ..Well, 'folks' we see where Obama's 'Laser-Focus' went.. Hidden covert taxes, Marathon campaigning,Vacations, golf, Hollywood, and radical causes....Chicago politics ushered in a lazy socialist socialite dictator..Who will severely tax us from womb to tomb....

113. Odumbo voters , what are you whining about ? you asked for it and you got it ...

114. It baffles me that you people voted for this lame bastard again. You get what you deserve!

115. Watch for a rampant breakout of "buyers' remorse" among the Democrats.

116. Well I didnt vote for Obama or his socialist ways. So I have room to #$%$! All you #$%$ clowns who did should be riding the short bus!! You elected a liar, a thief and an egotistical P.O.S!

obama is a socialist S.O.B.,and obamacare will be the Downfall of a Great Country !

117. Most people don't get it yet. The Takers now control the workers in the USA. That is why Obama won re-election.

118. I was wondering what Barry was gonna get us for Christmas, and here I thought it was gonna be a gun grab

119. Typical Obama, screw 270 million so that 30 million can get insured. Let's also not forget the 700 billion taken from Medicatre, and the millions that will be paid by taxpayers to fund abortion.

120. Of course, Congress will keep their own special "cadillac" health care plan tax free...I'm totally DISGUSTED with Washington DC.

121. Taxes on medical devices are a big one. Every person who needs crutches a splint, braces, an xray, ... all will cost more because of this tax.

122. Tax hikes fix 7%. That leaves 93% of the problem. Obama ,Reid ,Pelosi are focused on the 7%? I see pure dishonesty or pure incompetance here.You pick. Truly, the wealthy aren't the problem. A third grader could point out this problem. You saw the wealthy take dividends this year. Mark my words. You will see them take nothing the next 4. Because they can..... Obama has made them a target rather than an asset. Can low information voter figure that out? Probably not, most never finished high school.

123. Obama promised "you premium will not go up" and "if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it". Americans are totally DUMB and Obama likes it.

124. We need this extra TAX money for Libya, Egypt, and Syria, just ask Obama.

125. Another new tax on all of the 50% of people who pay taxes. Thanks, F'obama.

126.  the takers put him back in.. the takers will still take.. whats the down side for those who take?..there is none. nice goin.. he didnt get my vote.

127. The American people are already far overtaxed. Property taxes, federal taxes, state taxes, gasoline taxes, taxes on everything else we buy. Now besides being hit with a $2000 a year increase in fed taxes, we are gonna be hit with a healthcare tax. This monster of a govt is coming after every last penny that you have. At the same time they wanna increase taxes on the rich upto 40%! This is insanity run amok and the middle class are the ones who are going to suffer, are already suffering. Decades ago in America, the middle class meant owning your home, owning your cars, having a nest egg for your childrent. Today we lease or finance our cars, mortgage our homes and are buried in crushing debt. America, what has happened to US? Perhaps next election, if there is one, we might consider not voting in these multi-millionaire gangsters that don't care a thing about US.

128. My boss is a big Obama supporter. Now he's the first to complain about paying more taxes. Typical democrat, it's a great idea as long as he doesn't have to pay for it.

129. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH................................................DIG INTO ALL U POLITICIANS POCKETS AND PICK UP THE MONEY U NEED!!!! WE ALREADY PAID OURS AND U SPENT IT ALL SQUANDERED AWAY .
 
CUT GOVT. BY 70% AND ALL PROGRAMS THAT AREN'T ESSENTIAL WHICH WOULD ELIMINATE 1,000 'S OF JOBS AND PROJECTS THAT ARE NEVER USED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AND EMPTY BUILDINGS THAT ARE EMPTY ALL FORIEGN AID AND STOP ALL WARS.

130. I can't wait to see the look on the freeloader's faces that will have to pay under Obamacare...LOL No more going to the country health building for a free ride on taxpayer's dime. You will have to pay based on your income.

131. All the folks who voted for him think it will be someone else paying the bill and not them. Surprise, surprise!!!!
Maybe if the US quit giving away trillions of dollars to profiteering corporate MIDDLE-MEN (the criminal insurance cartel) - who provide absolutely NO medical services, by the way - and paid doctors and hospitals directly as in a single-payer plan (without the 30% cut taken by said criminals), you'd actually have a functional, efficient, affordable and equitable healthcare system - kind of like the rest of the industrialized world has. Just a thought.

132. Ask anyone who voted for Obama and they will say he is doing a great job. Yeah! he has taxed us to death, and looking for more ways to get our money. However, by outsourcing all our jobs, more and more depend on government hand outs so socialism is only a step away.

133. Tax hikes in 2013 may just be a start under Obama.....who are you kidding? Tax hikes in 2013 WILL be just a start under Obama.

Tax hikes in 2013 may just be a start under Obama.....who are you kidding? Tax hikes in 2013 WILL be just a start under Obama.

134. Turns out 51% of America still believes this leader. Just as Germans believed Hitler in 1933.

135. Many businesses are cutting full time positions to part time positions to avoid health care costs. Hiring more yes, but they are part time with no benefits.

136. Just what this country needs; a tax and spend democrat in the White House when we are facing economic disaster. Great choice America.

137. Michelle bought B.O. a new MP3 player.He was heard listening and singing along to the Beatles..........."One for you,nineteen for Me.TAXMAN!"

138. Hey dumb liberals , are you starting to have pain in your wallet ? that's because Odumbo is spending your money on his Hawaii vacation .

139. And you trusted Obama not to raise your taxes.........idiots! All of you who trusted that guy! At least the GOP wants to cut the spending so we don't have to raise taxes.......but nope not you guys, you want all your taxes to go up up up.

140. Hey! Tax hikes to pay for Obamacare! I think the only people who may be surprised by that are the idiots that voted for him. But, chances are, they're on the dole so don't much care if they're put out on the streets for want money to pay their taxes. Most likely they're shiftless bums like their hero Obama.

141. Will the real 'Barack Hussein Obama' please stand up. 

You asked (voted) four more of him, well now you're gonna get him........right between the eyes.......enjoy!

142. Love my country, but hate my government. Time to make noise and defund the monster now.

143. OBAMA and his media denied that 500 BILLION was taken out of Medicare for the elderly to pay for people with pre-existing conditions, even tho Romney said it was .F!inally the media tells the truth!

144. Federal spending is set to rise to 46 percent of GDP by 2050. When you add in state and local spending, government at all levels will be consuming more than 60 percent of everything produced in this country. We cannot long remain economically productive or personally free with a government of that size. We went off the cliff under Bush AND Obama!

145. My dog sleeps about 20 hours a day. His meals are provided at no cost to him. He gets regular doctor visits. For this he pays nothing, and nothing is required of him. His housing is also provided to him at no charge. If he makes a mess, someone else cleans it up. All of his costs are picked up by me who has to go out and earn a living every day. It just hit me, my dog is....... Obama SUPPORTER"

146. Now you know what Liberals do when they get control
 Tax and spend, blame everyone else and lie

147. "No new taxes on the middle class." - Barack Obama.
 
HE'S ONE BIG F ING LIAR.

148. Without Congress, Obamacare WILL TAX everyone who gets a medical plan tax deduction?
 So the Democrats who passed this without a single GOP vote have taxed the entire working middle class who get the tax deduction. Bend over fools - you get the liars you vote for.

149. Yep...this is just the tip of the iceberg. Buckle your seat belts!

150.  Even Obama's own SHAMELESS LYING MEDIA now admits what this pack of lies really is:
 A TAX

151. We have to pass the bill to know what's in it and you know get past the fog..Nancy Pelosi, the DUMBEST quote in American History

152. It's not a TAX
 I'll cut the deficit in half
 And of course, It was a movie
 Sickening LIAR

153. So the majority of your fools want Obama care. And the article ways what?
 
154. There are many ObamaCare Tax Hikes: Of course you wanted your congressional reps to vote for it without reading it. Guess the wicked witch of the west, Pelosi, was wright, pass it then read it. TOO LATE!!!!!!
 
155. 'Increase/ Health Insurance portion of the Payroll tax from 2.9% to 3.85 for couples earning more then $250,000 a year ($200,000 for single fillers) increased Health Insurance tax applied to investment income for the first time. 
'40%' excise tax on 'cadillac' health insurance plans costing more then 457,500 for families. 
'Penalty' paid by Employers that do not provide Health coverage to their employees.
'Annual fee' on Health Insurance' providers based on each company's share of the total market.
'Tax' on individuals who do not purchase health insurance.
'Fee' on manufacturers and importers of branded drugs based on each individual company's share of the total market.
'2.3%' excise tax on manufacturers and importers of certain types of medical devices.
'Limit' on the amount taxpayers can deposit in a flexible spending account (FSAs) to $2,500 per year.
75% adjusted gross income floor on medical expenses 'raised to 10%'.
"Exclusion' pf unprocessed fuels from the existing cellulosic biofuel producer credit.
'Increase' in corporate taxes by making it more difficult for businesses to engage in business activities that reduce their t ax liability.
'Reduction' in the number of medical products taxpayers can purchase using funds they put aside in HSAs and FSAs.
'Elimination' of the employer tax deduction for providing retiree health insurance. 
and on and on and on and on
 
Yes the progressive secular socialist radical far left liberal democrats and Obama have screwed the American People.

156. Americans deserve the same healthcare Congress receives!!! Why should they get the best healthcare, for free, for the rest of their lives??? We elect Congress, we pay their salaries.

157. Yes Nancy, we have FINALLY read it and social medicine is going to cost American TAXPAYER'S an arm and a leg. Thanks to the liberal loons that do not want to work for anything they get!!! Thank liberal for passing middle class tax increase's. Misleader, nonleader, Chicago thug and a Muslim.

158. We are screwed ..the illiterate and stupidass voters outnumber the logical thinkers...the only chance we have is to win state Governorships and legislators....because the illiterate morons do not vote in huge numbers like the National elections.

159. Obamacare is not about healthcare. It is about increasing taxes for better control and regulating every bodily function of the citizens.

160. Obama and Pelosi/Reid have perpetuated the biggest fraud on American citizens in the history of the USA. He LOVES to say he is all about the middle class and keeping their income tax rates at Bush levels but he knows well that their income levels are going to go much higher if you count employer provided healthcare as income. So in effect, he is going to tax everyone like crazy. He is a liar and a fraud and you sheep never took the time to know these things.......you all think he is some great guy, as he lies to you.

161. (BOHICA) remember this word because it a code word that means, BEND OVER HERE IT COMES AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!who was that said no new taxes on the middle class

162. Whaaaaa, Barry said it wasn't a TAX.
 Little Barry would never lie would he? Ah, but the sheep are so gullible and ignorant.

163. is that news media outlets such as CNN, AP, MSNBC, Yshoo NEVER mentioned this during the presidential election ?????
 
So this is what they were hiding !!! Lovely !!!!!!
 
164. The middle class is taking it in the shorts, Oh bummer style !!!!!!!

165. If they would quit giving away billions to welfare scammers here and giving billions in aid to the overseas countries, they wouldn't need to tax us to death.

166. In the future, liberals will blame Republicans for Obamacare and believe it.

167. The only thing standing between Obama and a cot at GITMO is the simple fact that he was elected.... He's no different than any other common terrorist/destroyer.

168. "Socialized medicine will create massive government bureaucracies — similar to our unified school districts — impose costly job-destroying mandates on employers to provide the coverage, and impose price controls that will inevitably lead to shortages and poor quality of service. It will also lead to nonprice rationing (i.e., rationing based on political considerations, corruption, and nepotism) of healthcare by government bureaucrats."Yuri N. Maltsev, Dr. of Soviet Union.

169. If you want to make sure everyone has health insurance.....taxing it is not gonna help.

170. Welfare Queens, Obama's base, don't care about tax increases. They live off your money.

171. We need to tax all the freeloaders and deadbeats so that Obamas peeps will have some skin in the game.

172. The media didn't want to talk about this before the election. Now that its too late they come out with this bit of news. In 2014 the cost of medicare will be $246.00 per month. That's more then double of what it is now thanks to Odummycare. The seniors get screwed again.

173. I think the Headline should Read."Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year,From Barack and Friends"

174. Obama and the Federal government are greedy basturds! What makes them think they know how to better spend my money than I do? Almost time for a tax revolt through civil disobedience? If they can take our guns away there will be nothing to stop them!!

HEALTH CARE AINT GONNA BE FREE ?????????????????????????????????????????????i 

175. Here we go again. We as working class Americans will be hit by more taxes to finance the inner city voting plantations, where fully 1/3 of the national budget goes, that liberal democrats are so dependent upon for elections. Just think about this for one second. If the inner city votes were 50/50 conservatives would never lose. So who really cares about working Americans? The liberals only care about how much they can squeeze out of us.

176. Not many liberal posts on this. Cat got your tongue? A little embarrassed about your vote? Ha ha ha ha ha. You lazy slugs got what you paid for.

177. Time for the 100% to take the medicine -- thanks to the 50.4% who voted for Obama for a second term. Wheeee!

178. YES! Just the start of higher taxes for everyone. "After all, we know that eventually we will have to go after the Middle Class, because that is where the money is", Minority Leader Nasty Peloser. The liberals will get their just desserts and I will enjoy them. Thanks for the FREE STUFF!

179. the demographics have changed, the lazy, and the parasites now rule the electorate, and obama knows how to manipulate those people.

180. Raising taxes on progressive liberal democrats, it couldn't happen to a better bunch of coconuts.

181. This is what I have been stressing all along. Those of us already strapped with high insurance premiums will now pay even more. I pay $1,100.00 each and every month for family health coverage.

182. I'm not yet 65 and pay my own health insurance. It went up 9.5% this month.

183. Business leaders across America have already begun imposing thousands of dollars in annual health care fees on employees. The logic is if it costs you more you will use it less.

184. Obama is the modern day Robin Hood. These taxes only touch the people who work hard to make an income for their families. The ones who don't work are the ones that are going to benefit. Since they passed this law before we knew what was in it, get ready to bend over and have your assets robbed from you.

185. Every American (rich or poor) deserves the same healthcare Congress receives. Why should they get the best health care in the world, for free, for the rest of their lives? We elect Congress, we pay their salary, why are their lives worth more than ours???

186. In the next 5 years, Social Security, Medicare and Obozocare will eat up 92 cents of every tax dollar. Are there some idiots still out there who think we can fund the rest of the government (defense, food stamps, welfare, unemployment, education, etc.) on 8 cents on the dollar? If so, please explain how you plan to do it.

187. And Romney was going to stop Obamacare .. Oh no!! some idiots had to vote for Obama ..

188. Obama has lied to all of us, his ObamaCare now caps the contribution limit to
 flex spending accounts at $2.500, prior years it was $5,000.
 
189. Now we are paying income taxes on the $2.500 difference.
 
the taxpayer teat is almost bone dry.
 
190. My kid's orthodontist don't take "Hope and Change", just Visa or Mastercard.

191. Bend over America! Here it comes! No LUBE included!
 Well you brainwashed got what you wanted! "Hope and Change! Just wasn't what you thought it was going to be. Just wait until dear leader is sworn into office for his second term! OH MY!

at least we will all be equally miserable.................except for the elite, that is. Thank you comrade.

Like I said earlier, the productive people are being penalized yet again..


192. So, they are going to TAX employers good enough to provide insurance to their employees?
 Im a Moderate Democrat and that doesnt make sence to me. Then they want to put 23
 million more on it? Is it free for them. Then we are MANDATED to have insurance or
 TAXED? This Obamacare will be a disaster.

193. But... but.... 0bama said there would be NO tax increases for people making less than $250,000... wait, he changed that to less than $200,000.... wait, he changed that to $187,000... wait, what is it at now?

194. On the news yesterday that Obama has set up a new government website to encourage people to get on more government benefits, instead of finding a job.

195. Boy it is so good that we listened to Nancy P who told us we had to pass this before we knew what was in it. Now we know.

 196. If I hear a single Democrat complain I'm going to punch him in the mouth!!!

197. Welcome to Obamcare. 3 months ago Yahoo would have never let you read this article

198. All I can say is, you people get what you deserve for being so fricken stupid!

199. Higher taxes are good for the government getting its votes from the 51% that do not pay taxes-- is that what all the uproar was about when Romney talked about the forty seven percent not voting for him???? The truth is never tolerated in statist/communist countries!

200. They keep talking about the billions that will come out of this tax and the other but they use multiple year numbers. Reality is our yearly deficit is a trilion dollars. Yearly.
 Adding all the taxes in this article , making the number yearly gets up to about 260 billion a year more in revenue. After wiping interest deduction on mortgages and employer healthcare tax. We are 750 billion short to have a balanced budget without touching the debt. 
We have a spending problem.
