SEOUL (Reuters) - 
1. This month's rocket launch by reclusive North Korea shows it has likely developed the technology, long suspected in the West, to fire a warhead more than 10,000 km (6,200 miles), South Korean officials said on Sunday, putting the U.S. West Coast in range.
 2. North Korea said the December 12 launch put a weather satellite in orbit but critics say it was aimed at nurturing the kind of technology needed to mount a nuclear warhead on a long-range missile.
 3. North Korea is banned from testing missile or nuclear technology under U.N. sanctions imposed after its 2006 and 2009 nuclear weapons tests and the U.N. Security Council condemned the launch.
 4. South Korea retrieved and analyzed parts of the first-stage rocket that dropped in the waters off its west coast.
 5. "As a result of analyzing the material of Unha-3 (North Korea's rocket), we judged North Korea had secured a range of more than 10,000 km in case the warhead is 500-600 kg," a South Korean Defense Ministry official told a news briefing.
 6. North Korea's previous missile tests ended in failure.
7. North Korea, which denounces the United States as the mother of all warmongers on an almost daily basis, has spent decades and scarce resources to try to develop technology capable of striking targets as far away as the United States and it is also working to build a nuclear arsenal.
 8. But experts believe the North is still years away from mastering the technology needed to miniaturize a nuclear bomb to mount on a missile.
 9. South Korean defense officials also said there was no confirmation whether the North had the re-entry technology needed for a payload to survive the heat and vibration without disintegrating.
 10. Despite international condemnation, the launch this month was seen as a major boost domestically to the credibility of the North's young leader, Kim Jong-un, who took over power from his father who died last year.
 11. Apparently encouraged by the euphoria, the fledgling supreme leader called for the development and launching of "a variety of more working satellites" and "carrier rockets of bigger capacity" at a banquet in Pyongyang on Friday which he hosted for those who contributed to the lift-off, according to North Korean state media.
 
(Editing by Jack Kim and Nick Macfie)

Comments:
1. Lori.....Hoping a bomb hits the US is Sadistic and the thinking of a Radical. If you are that unhappy, GET A GUN AND BLOW YOUR BRAINS OUT. Merry Christmas.

2. The only win win situation here , we send them our politicians , this screws them and saves us.

3. Uh oh North Korea:( the UN banned you guys from launching missiles, so you know what that means? Nothing.

4. The difference being if they were aiming for Los Angeles, they'd be lucky to hit Las Vegas. Whereas if the US was aiming for their Presidential Palace there would be a choice of going in through the front door or in through the back door.

5. Always be concerned with a country that has nothing to lose...and they ARE that country....HB

6. If that ever occurs, North Korea will become a very large parking lot, once it cools down

7. America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms it will be because we destroyed ourselves. Lincoln

8. N. Korea knows very well that if they ever launch anything at us it will be immediately shot down and they will then be toast...literally.

9. Their analysis of N Korea's capabilities remind me of the U.S. analysis of Japan's capabilities prior to 7 Dec 1941

10. Didn't the USA have missiles that could hit North Korea in 1965? Don't we now have missiles that can shoot down their missiles? If North Korea is trying to impress us they should start by feeding their people.

11. Why worry? By the time it is launched for US soil our Jets will scramble and shoot this NK bird. How many NK people died of starvation this week?

12. Really! Now, just what do you think would happen to North Korea if it ever launched a Nuke towards the US? First, we would shoot down the missile. Second, we would just vaporize North Korea. Do you think for a second that these runts are so stupid as to try it? One launch and they vaporize. We don't have one or two nukes....we have them in quantity. And, we have the means to get them there too. Kiss your #$%$ Good Bye N. K.

13. Dear North Korea,
 
You people have to be smarter than this. Are you guys "the dumb Asians?" My South Korean friends are brilliant; what happened north of the DMZ? We weren't even using depleted uranium back then...so how do you explain letting some pint sized mutt hold the reigns for so long and THEN let his whacky midget son take over? You guys need to get with it and whack this creep and step into the 21st century and enjoy some of the cool stuff that we have....like food.

During the cold war, the Soviet Union had thousands of balliswtic missles and thousands of war heads and they went broke before they could fire a single shot. 
Last month, the Palestinians launched thousands of rockets into Israel and gave Israel a chance to test their anti missle system with over 80% rockets shot down.
 The US has successfully tested airborn laser weapons. A laser beam travel 180,000 miles per second while missles fly at 15000 MPH. It's like a horse wagon trying to chase a jet plane.

14. once it hits united states it,s all over for north korea will become crystalized glass north korea.

15. Okay all you common folk out there, how many of you really think that North Korea is really dumb enough to attack the US.

16. If the little fat man has money for rockets he should have money to feed his people so why do we give NK food aide?

17. What is amazing is that this country gives N. Korea money and food to build these rockets.

18. Beware of a county that cannot feed their own people---and spend what resources they do have-- to produce Weapons of Mass destruction------

19. If North Korea fired a nuclear missile at the US they would no longer have to worry about feeding their people.

20. To many people get to much Technology. That might be the end of the world.

21. N. Korea has hardly been successful in launching just one missile, let alone putting a payload on it. If they did launch one missile which could potentially reach the U.S., the U.S. woudl have 50 ABM's launched right back to blow theirs out of the sky. If their missile was launched at us, it had better be a stealth missile too, because it would have to make it past a whole wall of U.S. anti-ballistic missiles, and maybe even Star Wars technology our government doesn't even mention, stuff we developed years ago to keep the mighty USSR at bay. What's with all this fear-mongering about little North Korea? How many of us Americans grew up during the Cold War facing the very real reality of total nuclear anihilation, and had to practice ducking under tables during lunch hour in grade school? I'm supposed to quake in my boots because tiny North Korea is barely able to produce 1 missile that can even reach California, let alone make it thorugh the U.S.'s wall of defense? Why do they want us so afraid?

22. North Korea will fire the rocket as soon as someone donates the rocket-fuel!!!!

23. America should not have to worry until the first bomb kills millions of people. We did not beleave japan could bomb pearl harbor. Look at what happened. All our presidents includeing president obama think every country likes americans and would never think about attacking us.

24. Purely an academic question. The United States has 5,113 nuclear warheads ready for a riposte. Those warheads can be placed very accurately in North Korea.
 
25. I love numbers like that because they bring our enemies: Islamists, N.Koreas, Iranians, Pakistanis, etc. back to reality. The reality is a stinky, ignorant 3rd world country is still a backwards 3rd world country even if it acquires a dozen warhead. It's economic prosperity, education, industrial might, that make nations great, not a few nukes.
 
26. USA built its success story first, then acquired nuclear weapons.
 
Apparently some pathetic 3rd world nations want to skip the success story, and fast forward to 
nuclear weapons development.
 
27. We shall see.

28. Another deception we have them under 24 hour watch and with our missile defense systems not even a remote chance.

29. NEWS FLASH: The US can completely destroy North Korea with the assests it has on that side of the world. No need to launch from here, we can use a sub.

Yes it can. But any of the US Navy cruisers can easily shoot it down. 
Thank you Ronald Reagan for investing in the "star wars" technology!

30. Famous last words,," we have fired a nuclear missile at the United States. wonder if they will respond?"

31. Fat boy must be so proud of himself. Maybe he can refrain from killing one of his citizens for a few days in celebration.

32. I support freedom of speech (it's one of the few things that still makes the USA great), but boy do some of the posters here make my ears bleed...

33. WHEN ALL THE ELITE'S ARE READY, AND IN THEIR SAFE ZONE'S" THE ROCKETS WILL FLY....):

34. And the missile wouldn't get within 100 miles of their own border before being shot down by one of the thousands of defensive missiles we have over there

35. North Korea is banned from testing missile or nuclear technology under U.N. sanctions.
 They could be risking a "STRONGLY WORDED LETTER" from The U.N. if this behavior continues.

36. North Korea, will do it just once, just once. Then become a parking lot for Southern China, and south Korea.

37. Wonder who Kim Junk Ugly has for a barber? Sure does a shytty job.

38. You know..I would be worth it to have these crazies shot one at us. Hopefully we would do a full nuclear retaliation and use up some of those ol' nukes that about to expire. Take care of N. Korea and let our good friends in Pakistan know that we aren't screwing around.

39. Oh no a missile? Americans freak out over something as lame as that, but do nothing while strangers at the airport put hands down your pants!

40. Their problem would be that bombing the US would lead to everyone in N. Korea dying

41. Does NK think if they strike the West Coast, we strike back once and they'll be nothing left but dust??.

42. note to both Koreas remember our response to Japans sneek attack and understand we will respond with the same type of weapons and it's damn hard to grow rice on a field of glass

43. They could try it, but all that would be left is a charred patch of land formerly known as N. Korea.

44. Since North Korea is still at war with the United States, they may not want to get too enthused about nukes; we have a whole lot more weapons, more powerful than they have and we are also the only nation to have used nukes in combat. Why North Korea or anybody else thinks we would hesitate to nail anybody who shot a nuke at us or our allies is amazing. If this guy wants to raise a family and enjoy his kids and grandkids he might want to extend that courtesy to other folks.

45. Its kind of scary knowing that the leader(s) of NK are crazy enough to think that they would actually survive more than 10 minutes after shooting a missle at the west coast of the US. The US' missle defense systems would likely intercept the missle and that would be immediately followed by NK becoming nothing more than a nice spot to land jets.

46. North Korea is not a credible threat to the US, or even to South Korea. We could [and would] grind them under our heel like a cockroach if they/North Korea became warlike with a nuclear weapon.

47. WE KEEP POSTURING AGAINST NATIONS, keep talking war, and sure enough, IT WILL HAPPEN.

48. This is another Paranoid stupid article! With any luck maybe they Could hit Reuters Headquarters.

49. They'd probably take California but their entire country would be obliterated from the face of the earth once the U.S. would retaliate.

50. It is not truly our problem at this time. We have to solve budget issures, Congress lack of action issues, and gun misuse issures first, then maybe, maybe we can take a little time to be concerned over someone elses problems.

51. What's the big deal? They lob one at us, we send up a 'destroyer' followed by a few dozen of our own for them. They provoked it. Bye Tubby.

52. little fat boy needs to keep in mind this works both ways. he might have one rocket that can reach us and make a small crater in the west coast but we have thousands that are accurate and can turcool your range..well guess so are we.....and we have enough nukes to wipe out you f**kers out at least 1,000 times mabey moren north korea into one huge crater and a bad memory.

53. Never trust ANYBODY with a Mongoloid, 1970's Captain Kangaroo hair-piece.

54. Lets see if our missles will reach n korea - about 5-6 thousand of them - at once - see if any make it - Im in !

55. If North Korea fires a rocket towards North America and reaches the cali. coast. Then North Korea will be a quiet neighborhood for a very long time. Roger that Devil Dog..

56. Calm the #$%$ down everyone, NK isn't going to nuke the US or anyone

57. here's what will happen if NK sends a missile all the way to the united states.
one of the thousands of people who are waiting for that missile will shoot it down before it makes it half way to our country.
we will blow NK off the face of the earth
focus our attention back on the middle east

58. "the United States as the mother of all warmongers" - has the US done much to curb this assertion?

59. If the little fat man has money for rockets he should have money to feed his people so why do we give NK food aide?

60. It would be the only one they ever launch too....afterwards, North Korea would be a nuclear wasteland that only WalMart would consider building on.

61. Does anyone really think they are nuts enough to fire on the U.S.A.? Do they really want to be annialated? We need to bring everyone home and protect our country from our own soil....WE COULD DO THAT. DARE ANYONE TO TREAD ON THE USA.

Does anyone really think they are nuts enough to fire on the U.S.A.? Do they really want to be annialated? We need to bring everyone home and protect our country from our own soil....WE COULD DO THAT. DARE ANYONE TO TREAD ON THE USA.

62. It looks he gave himself hair cut with lobster claw...

63. u.s within range of pot shooting missles from mexico !! U.S within range of being deluted with millions of "ILLEGAL CRIMINAL IMMIGRANTS" destroying America from within .. U.S. within ... (we can go all day long with this folks !) LOL!Wonderful, just frigging wonderful. 
Possible the PURPLE HEART BAND AID Viet Nam soldier(?) will be handling issues like this little Some Dumb Foo in Korea using his PURPLE HEART BAND AID AS A SOLUTION.
 Up until 4 years ago, life in America was great, not perfect, but great. I wasn't rich but had enough money to take a vacation somewhere within 1000 miles of home, enjoy ourselves, and come back to our regular life.
 Four years later and and I'm just getting by while this little RUNT in Korea has us worried by our media(?), or Obama's, and now I'm just getting by. I can't afford to buy the groceries I used to or goto the places I used because of how much prices have gone up.
 now we have the MeDIA talking about this Little Runt because we have a President who will avoid confrontations at any cost. 
I wonder what his phone call to Russia early next year when he follows up on his open mic statement to a Russian aide.

64. quit digging for fake boogymen. why would they want to strike USA with a nuclear missile? to be hit back? that is a silly idea being fed to Americans in an effort to scare us into another arms race. Obama should send the best Korean language speaker to Pyongyang and tell Kim Jung un that this is the new diplomat, the war is over (sign here) and we need an embassy (this room'll do for now!) and establish trade so they could prosper. but OH NO!! not a COMMUNIST country... like USSR was... like Viet Nam was... (still is) like America's 51st state CHINA is!

65. We did sanctions on North Korea. Now they have nuclear missiles that can reach the U.S. I don't think sanctions will work on Iran. History repeats itself. We need to strike them and support an uprising against their Ayatollah Ali Baba!!!

66. Could a NKorean missile reach the U.S.?
 
Maybe.... but several hundred U.S. Missiles WOULD reach NK!

67. if they did launch a missile towards us we would have ten headed for them and there would be a hole in the earth where north korea used to be

68. Let me see, your missiles can reach the U.S.. Too bad we don't have any that can reach them. It's hard to believe they are so stupid.

Certainly it can. And, if it does, the US will do NOTHING. Just like it has always does, NOTHING under a democratic president. Billy Clinton allowed the Koreans to get nukes. Iran will have a nuke soon. And, the US will do NOTHING. Democrats, mind you, are NOT cowards. They are traitors.

69. hey RAINMAN...do you really thing obama has the balls to do what all our past Presidents would do? I don't....he is a ghost of a President, a Mirage, a pathetic figure of what the past Presidents were...he is the NEW AGE POTUS that doesn't respect what we were..he HATES what OUR COUNTRY HAS STOOD for and doesn't give 2 #$%$ about what we become

70. Make it perfectly clear to 'bad haircut boy' that if they even think about popping of a shot toward the USA, their country will be turned into a glassy plain from the 38th parallel to the Yalu river.

71. Maybe hitting California would not be a bad thing they would just light it up and smoke it. A Maxi joint.. I hope they compensate for earths rotation otherwise they would hit Hawaii and that would be bad. All thst Spam you know...

72. Don't let your fifty foot rocket overshadow your failing five inch penis.

73. I can't see why people can't figure out why N. Korea is firing misses, doesn't anyone remember Hostess Bakery going under recently.

74. Boy that UN really packs a whalop nowdays, doesn't it? Are they like the educational system that because it is failing it needs more funding??

75. Congratulations. Lil Kim has just discovered the fastest way to barbecue his country.

76. They may have a missile that can reach the US but after we shoot it down, we will have the opportunity to show them how much more advanced our missiles are. Fatas Kin dung ick will be the first leader to be in every part of his county simultaneously.

77. Firt of all, I doubt North Korea is that stupid to launch a rocket towards the U.S. with hopes of hitting us. Second, How many times have they said this? Third, how many times have they announced they are going to test launch a rocket and it failed?

78. yawn.. Hard to take a country serious with that guys hair#$%$ 

79. North Korea.. Meh... You don't even make cars or good refrigerators! Come on now!

80. China wouldn't let NK even think about launching an attack on the US, because China is sane enough to care about the consequences.....China doesn't want nukes landing near them in NK.

81. hurry obama send anothe bag of gold to N.Korea and you can stop hiding under your bed..We all know that they will lanuch a nuclear bomb toward California within the next 2 years

82. We definitely have hundreds of missiles within range of North Korea .... So really , stop being so paranoid . There are people out there who get paid to be paranoid for us

83. The bigger question is..could N. Korea survive the thousands of missiles they would be hit with if they attacked us?

84. Knowing the North Koreans, if they tried to launch a nuke at us, it would explode on the launch pad and kill themselves.

85. So... if they lauch a missle at the US would Obama do anything about it? or, would he go to the UN and ask them to do something???

86. Why can't they help us old farts out and tell us how far 10,000 kilometers is and how much 500-600 kgs are ? LOL I'm a little slow, took me years to figure out when Captain Kirk said I need "Warp Power" now Scotty, how fast that was !

87. Soviet Russia had thousands of nuclear weapons and everyone is in a quarrel because NK completed their 6th grade science fair project?? Is America so uneducated that no one even knows what the Cuban Missle Crisis was?

88. We can shoot down any missiles they launch our way before they reach American airspace. Then we would just reduce their country to a smoking pile of dog #@$ afterwards.

89. do not wory, when b husseins promis to Putin is enacgted & we are disarmed, we can throw rocks at them !

90. Right now they have the power to oppress their population and abuse them any way they want, and the U.S. and U.N. will watch in silence. Starting a war with the U.S. would be the stupidest thing in the world, as we'd obliterate them if they nuked one of our cities, so I doubt they'd do that. It is just a tacit threat from them, and a bargaining chip so they can continue to devote their GNP to the military and keep begging for food.

91. this cracks me up! with the help they received from russia during the so called cold war their rocket technology is further along than most people realize, as is their nuclear program. Just because the useless nations group(UN) says don't do it does anyone really think they are listening. I agree with everyone else also if they tried something it would be over in a blink of an eye.

92. If you did send one to America I bet you might get a strongly worded letter from obama & hillary, so you better watch out.

93. North Korea is a paranoiac, hermit State om the Orwellian model. The Regime IS the State and everything else. They have two unachievable ambitions that are over 60 years old: Conquest of the South and "Prestige/Conflict" with the US. Will they ever use one of these missiles and bring on their own destruction? No, because it will not achieve the real purpose of the Regime, which is self-perpetuation.

94. Are they dumb enough to launch a missle at ANY country? The UN is useless when it comes to enforcement of any sanctions on N. Korea.

95. How come we haven't seen any posts by liberals blasting missile defense as a waste of time and money?? Funny how they've all gone silent now that rogue countries like N. Korea are coming within technological range of being able to hit us. And funny how that same silence prevails now that it's a Democratic administration that is deploying ( slowly) a missile defense system. Where's all the 'war monger' talk now ??

96. Let them have LA and San Francisco and save the people the grief of bailing out this cesspool state from fiscal and moral bankruptcy.

97. It will never happen N. Korea knows that there are numerous US nuclear submarine armed with nuclear missiles that can wipe them off the face of the planet.

98. No!!! Don't be a dip-stick !!! Because North Korean missile technology is very crude and we have anti-missile technology that cancels their missiles which are few and far in between our missile defense weaponry already in the field of battle today. STOP FEAR MONGERING !!!!

99. Meanwhile the amatuer in Washington is busy promoting class warfare and telling his welfare loser voter base that their poverty isn't due to their decisions, like quiting school, having kids out of wedlock that they can't feed much less raise, or the fact they can't speak proper English or have a terrible attitude ... no its the rich people's fault.

100. The fear mongers never give up. It must be hard living in fear every day of your life.

101. The UN sanctions are working as well in North Korea as they are for Iran and Syria.

102. NO MORE AID to NK. If SK gives NK aid then stop buying SK products. The new SK prez wants to help NK again,protest that by not buying their products and if they actually send aid then lower the number of our troops/equipment/weapons every time they do. If they can help such threatening neighbors they don't need us.
 
103. I like SK just fine for now,,but,,ANYONE that helps NK becomes very WRONG.

104. What do you people want Obama to do, nuke North Korea, break the armistice and start conventional carpet bombing?
 
105. Have you folks FORGOTTEN WHAT NATION SITS TO THE WEST of N. Korea?
 
That THE PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF CHINA is a long term, advanced NUCLEAR POWER with nuclear subs armed with nuclear missiles that REGULARLY patrol off the US coastlines?

106. We'll find out soon enough, if we don't stop this crazy little psycho leader of theirs!!!

107. yep vacations are deductible, out tax payer dollars at work, mean while back at the ranch no money, credit rating in the dumps, oh and Korea has nukes...but it wont be his fault..he'll just spend and print borrow more

108. OMG ...quick get the liberals together they can get a vote to BAN the missiles....oh wait they are all DEAD in North Korea.....good thing they never had the "RIGHT" to own guns....and the rest of their family gets to starve...

109. Oh please fire that missile at US so we can solve all the problems of N. Korea once and for all.

110. There was speculation in the Naval Institute Mag. Proceedings that N.Koreas 2 low kiloton Fusion Nuke tests were intended as triggering devices for an H=Bomb Fusion weapon. If the US and Soviets and other nations were able to miniaturize these weapons from 1960 thru 1980 it seems naive to think the Nut Case Koreans could not. The same threat is what we fear from Iran. Either way they build a city smasher and what makes a difference if they hit Seoul or our Carrier based at Yokosuka, Japan or Honolulu, even Los Angeles.The result is N. Korea wiped out and the downfall of this house of cards called Planet Earth. Drop just one or ten and shortly after the thousands go off.Mass Destruction Like You Never Dreamed AND WORSE.

111. Who else can you think of that raises hell and misbehaves until some money and food is tossed their way?

112. Facsism requires an enemy and perpetual war to keep the people scared and willing to give up their rights in the name of security. Really, North Korea is twisted, but what do they have to gain by attacking the United States? Nothing but obliteration.

And they first time they fire a real one at the U.S., they will no longer exist as a country or a culture.

113. Right now Achmed Ahmadinejad is on the phone with Kim Jung Un to share tech.

114. "North Korea is banned from testing missile or nuclear technology under U.N. sanctions imposed after its 2006 and 2009 nuclear weapons tests and the U.N. Security Council condemned the launch."
 
It doesn't sound like that have been "banned from testing missiles" and all the UN Security Council can do is verbally complain and whine about it. If UN sanctions banned NK from testing missiles or nuclear technology, kick them out of the UN.

115. I have to wonder if the U.S. even has the balls to fire back at them if they should shoot a missile at us. They seem to be obama's good buddies like some other enemies of America.

116. This is almost as stupid as the fiscal cliff Washington is scamming us with at the present time. So they have a rocket along with a population that is starving to death, kind of like our economic recovery that nobody can afford.

117. If we are that worried, why don't we just send them a little Christmas Gift to calm things down?

118. Sounds as if they or the muslims or obama are going to bring us down......does it really matter which one?

119. These folks have obviously not heard of "lead from behind". If they take out LA and Frisco Barack will issue a stern warning and maybe complain to the UN.

120. Never mind the missiles, the government is more concerned with taking your guns away.

121. Maybe Obama should send them some food stamps for Christmas, he gives them to everyone who supports him. Pathetic welfare entitlement freebie seeking mooches

122. @ Beth,...... finally, someone who makes sense. I,ve read lots of post on here and yours stand out like a candle in the dark of night. You would think Great leaders would consider that making sure their people are fed instead of armed to the teeth was their first proirty.

123. Even if N. Korea could launch a missile at us, we would intercept and shoot the missile down long before it could cause any damage.

124. I was worried when it could hit the the USA, then the article stated the west coast. I am not worried now, that is where most of the US problems are.

125. bring it on, these nutjobs are born and raised to hate Americans, Lets show them how much we hate them.

126. If they launch toward the U.S. all the military has to do is shoot them down with one of those space based directed energy weapons they say we don't have in orbit.

127. obama don't care,it's the west coast and he's more worried about taking our guns so we can't protect ourselves from his agenda,he also don't care about those kids that got killed..he does like the fact that he can use that to try and get our guns.when a missile can hit the great obama's castle then he'll worry.

128. I see a lot of funny (but mostly true) posts regarding the consequences of N. Korea firing anything at the US - what I find interesting is the thumbs downs - must be from N. Koreans.

129. Now is the time for the UN to get serious! Sanctions don't work. UN - throw a temper tantrum and hold your breath until you turn blue!

130. Could a North Korean missile reach the US? 
It depends
 
131. Are they gonna send it FedEx or UPS?

132. This is fear spreading propaganda. This criminal government knows that if they attack our criminal government, they will vanish into a smokey, firey memory, hence despite all of their childish rhetoric, nothing of the sort will happen. Don't buy the fear flavored Kool-Aid.

133. I'm sure that if he tries sending one of those our way, he's bound to find another headed right up his ace hole.

134. The little twerp keeps blowing money on rockets instead of feeding his own people. Our people at NORAD know when his rockets go up and we have the best intercept system in the world. He is not a threat to anyone except the Korean people, who should just overthrow the dude with the Napoleon complex and elect a real leader.

135. I've lived in southern California my whole life, and I kinda wish they'd launch and hit Sacramento at lunch time! But then I have to scrap that prayer because the fallout would affect Americans East of ground zero/the bomb blast. Dam...

136. Big mistake. North Korea////....remember your Japanese counterpart who said......"I believe we've just awoken the sleeping giant".........do not make the same mistake.......

137. They don't have one yet,but they're trying to build a larger Pepsi bottle to launch it from.

138. Several countries including India, have missiles capable of hitting the USA, so what is keeping them from selling technology and parts to N. Korea?

139. The USA is getting nervous now that the N. Korean military learned to use duct tape instead of super glue to get the microwave to stick to the SCUD. Look out!

140. This administration will ignore North Korea and all other hostile countries right now because to them it's of no importance. Even though there is the potential for N.Korea to wipe out a few hundred thousand lives if they can in fact mount a warhead, the white house isn't concerned. Their most pressing issue right now is to strategise with the liberals in congress ways to defeat the second amendment to the constitution because they want to dictate American life. To them gun control and National disarmament take precedence over all other matters affecting the United States internally and externally.

141. It wouldn't even make it half way here before it was shot down ,even if they could do it, and they cant ...so why even bring it up?

142. Within 5 - 10 years the U.S. missile defense system will be comlpete. The U.S. could fire, but knock other nations missiles out of the sky. China and Russia hate it and N Korea is a non factor.

143. North Korean brainstorm: We make scary rocket, American sends us food.

144. This administration will ignore North Korea and all other hostile countries right now because to them it's of no importance. Even though there is the potential for N.Korea to wipe out a few hundred thousand lives if they can in fact mount a warhead, the white house isn't concerned. Their most pressing issue right now is to strategise with the liberals in congress ways to defeat the second amendment to the constitution because they want to dictate American life. To them gun control and National disarmament take precedence over all other matters affecting the United States internally and externally.

145. It is a total waste of N Koreas time, money and scarce reources.The U.S. does not have any designs on any invsion of the North and N. Korea would be obliterated in any exchange. So, the people of N Korea starve to feed the ego of the military elite.

146. Maybe hitting California would not be a bad thing they would just light it up and smoke it. A Maxi joint.. I hope they compensate for earths rotation otherwise they would hit Hawaii and that would be bad. All thst Spam you know...

147. If they want to play, we got better toys. Bring it on little one yak toilet of a country

148. It doesn't take a MORON to figure out that if a Country can put a satellite into space, they can plant one into your back yard.

149. This is going to be a tricky situation for the President since he secretly admires the N. Korean government.

150. Whether or not a North Korean missile could reach the US, I know one thing for sure: one helluva lot of American missiles sure can reach North Korea.

151. Please launch a missle at the US so the US can justify cleaning you off the map.

152. @ Win; China is not going to invade the US.
 You don't invade a country you already own. You just foreclose.
 Obama is the one making that easier for them.

153. Based on previous launch failures i would predict that armed with a nuclear warhead, and strong headwind, it will land somewhere near Bejing.

154. It is highly doubtful that NK could reach the U.S. with a missle yet and particularly not one armed with a nuclear warhead. The return fire would spell an end to the NK regime though.

155. You might be able to get yours here but I guarantee ours will get to you, and we have more than you do.

156. Could a NKorean missile reach the U.S.?
 Could Fat Boy Kim Jong-un Choke on a Extra Large used condom:O(

157. Since the liberal idiots re-elected Bam-Bam, I seriously don't care if this country is nuked to hell and back by anyone. I don't care anymore, because for the 1st time in my life, I'm NOT proud to be an American.

158. Time to take out North Korea's tracking satelite and have the orbital missel luanchers on hot standby .

159. It will be California, so who cares. San Francisco would be even better

160. No worries about their cardboard missle!!!! The missle would get shot down before it even has a chance to travel over Japan; by then, N.Korea will be underwater!!!!!!!!

161. I'm no expert on these weapons, so I ask. If NKorea fired a missile at us, don't we have the technology to shoot it down before it gets here?

162. Dealers in Gaza are probably checking out this catalog, rushing tunnels to Egypt to be finished faster.

163. Since their launched rocket was a violation of UN sanction it should have benn SHOT DOWN AS IT FLEW to send them a clear message that they can't do SHIIIITTTT!!!!

164. Not according to Obama. It's just a small country. Nothing to worry about.

165. A point to ponder. If we nuke North Korea and the wind is blowing in the northly direction, we can take out most of China. I know its silly, but its one way to get jobs back to America.

166. The USA's missile defenses would put any warhead sent by North Korea back up their 4ss.

167. All we would have to do is cut off food shipments for a month and there would be few left alive to fire such a rocket, let alone build it.

168. Those outrageous criminals are eager to have the US within missile range, instead of giving Freedom and respect of Human Being Rights and Dignity to their poor, oppressed, and robot-like population...praising their leaders 24 hours a day and cut off from the rest of the world.... since 1953.

169. Only Hollywood but then that would be a good thing. Just think of all the ovomit voters it would take out.

170. al gore better get on this because it would screw up his scheme on the global warming thing

171. Stupid me, I had no idea North Korea has a FREE healthcare system that should be the envy of the entire developing world according to W.H.O. “Axis of evil” regimes have a most sadistic tendency to provide FREE healthcare for their people like Libya and Syria..

172. Well, lets see. The evidence exists that their Missles are very unreliable. So they have one? We have 5000+! Think twice Jung! We need to send leaflets over NK pictures of Hiroshima and Nagasaki as a little reminder of whats in store for them if they ever try it! One "Big Boy" for the "Fat Boy" oughta do it!

173. Damn, cant we leave other countries alone? N. Korea, Syria, or no other small country will attack the USA. They KNOW it would be suicide. We might be concerned about China, Russia, or perhaps Pakistan but no one wants a nuclear war.

174. Now he should share some of those technologies with Iran and vice versa....

175. IT WAS 9 DAYS ago that we were 'YEARS AWAY' from this . The US of A pPAID thm tin food and natural gas ...BILLIONS of DOLLARS not to do this. @!#$@!#$%@!#$@!#$

176. Good job, media... Keep fear mongering Americans.. any way you can from one story to the next.

177. As my retired Army officer boyfriend says, When the Liberals see war happening on our shores they surly will regret there Liberal ways and thinking .

178. Now why are the North Koreans wanting to send a missle toward the USA. 

179. Certainly the Secret Service cannot have jurisdiction over the US currency in North Korea. The US Secret Service cannot arrest a North Korean because the North Koreans are using the same type of printing press system(s) to print US (counterfiet) currency; and have been for decades. 

180. How does anyone think the North Koreans went from a dirt poor country. Every North Korean leader, going back several decasdes, is said to be worth billions of dollars.
 
181. IF North Korea sends one missile to the USA the USA will retaliate and that my friends, foes, and colleagues will be the end of North Korea as we all know it.

182. Only a matter of time before nuke blackmail from NKPR. You know, a hundred billions of dollars in gold or they make a black hole of San Francisco, or do the same right on top of the Cascadia Fault to make it go and rattle destruction of the whole west coast with quakes and Tsunamis

183. The fat young Despot is just like his father and grandfather. Give his people cell phones and TVs; they will cook his goose.

184. I know North Korea is poor, but can't they buy that poor man some hair and sideburns?

185. I don't know if North Korean missiles can reach us or not. I do know that our missiles can reach them....with pinpoint accuracy.

186. Big deal Un. Send one this way and we will retaliate with a thousand of ours with multi-warheads.

187. I suppose there is always the possibility if they had the balls but it would be the very last thing N. Korea ever did so Little Mr. Bluster will keep his balls in his silo's.

188. The only tyranical government that should be capable of bombing other countries is us. There isn't room enough for a 2nd tyranical government bombing the rest of the world.

189. America is destroying itself by being divided along the lines of race and religion. A victory without a battle is a smartest battle plan.

190. Seal Team Six. Not really. Just starve the North Koreans until the soldiers there decide their families have had enough, and turn on their masters.

191. Well, I guess if NK wanted to commit suicide, the U.S. West Coast would be a pretty good place to send the request missle.

192. Hey, if they fired on would it hit LA or the middle of the desert? Like fly fishing, you can have a lot of line in the air but where is you fly going to touch down?

193. Let me know when they can hit the east coast - until then it's only Califormia

194. If they move from the cardboard missles to something more substantial we might have to start stocking our bomb shelters again.

195. Here we go again with the weapons of mass destruction. Can't the Ashkenazim media come up with a more novel way to scare people?

196. "North Koreas misile capability!"
 I hear Obama sent the leader, Son Dumb No Wang Cwapy Wocket a Daisy Red Ryder for Christmas and hes now plotting to shoot our eyes out with it!

197. I really think they are a bunch of stupid people.They have no idea of how to take care of what counts. I think if they ever lauched a missle to hit the US west coast, they had might as well sign thier own death warrent. We could blow that little country off the map in a matter of minutes, mabe even from our armed ships at sea.
