KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — 
1. An Afghan policewoman walked into a high-security compound in Kabul Monday and killed an American contractor with a single bullet to the chest, the first such shooting by a woman in a spate of insider attacks by Afghans against their foreign allies.
 2. Afghan officials who provided details identified the attacker as police Sgt. Nargas, a mother of four with a clean record. 
3. The shooting was outside the police headquarters in a walled compound which houses the governor's office, courts and a prison in the heart of the capital.
 4. A police official said she was able to enter the compound armed because she was licensed to carry a weapon as a police officer.
 5. The American, whose identity was not released, was a civilian adviser who worked with the NATO command. 
6. He was shot as he came out of a small shop, Kabul Governor Abdul Jabar Taqwa told The Associated Press. 
7. The woman refused to explain her motive for her attack, he said.
 8. The fact that a woman was behind the assault shocked some Afghans.
 9. "I was very shaken when I heard the news," said Nasrullah Sadeqizada, an independent member of Parliament. 
10. "This is the first female to carry out such an attack. 
11. It is very surprising and sad," he added, calling for more careful screening of all candidates, male and female, for the police force.
 12. According to NATO, some 1,400 women were serving in the Afghan police force mid-year with 350 in the army -- still a very small proportion of the 350,000 in both services. 
13. Such professions are still generally frowned upon in this conservative society but women have made significant gains in recent years, with most jobs and education opportunities open to them, at least by law if not always in practice.
 14. This is in stark contrast to the repression they suffered under the former Taliban regime, which forced women to be virtual prisoners in their homes, and severely punished them for even small infractions of the draconian codes.
 15. The NATO command said that while the investigation continued, there might be "some temporary, prudent measures put into place to reduce the exposure of our people." 
16. But a NATO spokesman, U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. Lester T. Carroll, said the vital mission of training the Afghan police "remained unchanged."
 17. There have been more than 60 insider attacks this year against foreign military and civilian personnel. 
18. They represent another looming security issue as President Barack Obama and Afghan President Hamid Karzai prepare to meet early next year to discuss the pullout of NATO troops from Afghanistan by 2014 and the size and nature of a residual force the United States will keep in the country.
 19. Insider attacks by Afghan soldiers or police have accelerated this year as NATO forces, due to mostly withdraw from the country by 2014, have speeded up efforts to train and advise Afghan security before the pullout.
 20. The surge in such attacks is throwing doubt on the capability of the Afghan security forces to take over from international troops and has further undermined public support for the war in NATO countries.
 21. It has also stoked suspicion among some NATO units of their Afghan counterparts, although others enjoy close working relations with Afghan military and police.
 22. As such attacks mounted this year, U.S. officials in Kabul and Washington insisted they were "isolated incidents" and withheld details.
 23. An AP investigation earlier this month showed that at least 63 coalition troops — mostly Americans — had been killed and more than 85 wounded in at least 46 insider attacks. That's an average of nearly one attack a week. 
24. In 2011, 21 insider attacks killed 35 coalition troops.
 25. There have also been incidents of Taliban and other militants dressing in Afghan army and police uniforms to infiltrate NATO installations and attack foreigners.
 26. In February, two U.S. soldiers died from an attack by an Afghan policeman at the Interior Ministry in Kabul. 
27. The incident forced NATO to temporarily pull out their advisers from a number of ministries and police units and revise procedures in dealing with Afghan counterparts.
 28. More than 50 Afghan members of the government's security forces also have died this year in attacks by their own colleagues. 
29. Taliban militants claim such attacks reflect a growing popular opposition to both foreign military presence and the Kabul government.
 30. In the latest attack, the governor said Nargas, who like many Afghans goes by one name, had asked bystanders where the governor's office was located before confronting the American.
 31. Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqi said she fired only one shot that struck the American in the chest. 
32. He died either on the way or just upon arrival at a hospital, the spokesman added, describing her act as a "huge crime." 
33. He said the woman attempted to run away, pistol still in hand, after the shooting. 
34. But she was subdued by police.
 35. She was taken into Afghan custody and Sediqi said she refused to answer questions after hours of interrogation aimed at determining her motives.
 36. Nargas had worked with a human rights department of the police for two years and had earlier been a refugee in Pakistan and Iran, Kabul Deputy Police Chief Mohammad Daoud Amin said.
 37. She could enter the compound armed because as a police officer, she was licensed to carry a pistol, Amin said. 
38. He said he did not know whether the killer and victim were acquainted.
 39. "Her background is very clean. 
40. We don't see that she had any connection with armed insurgent groups," Sediqi said. 
41. He added that she aroused no suspicion because she frequently went back and forth on business between the compound and the Interior Ministry where she worked.
 42. Canadian Brig. Gen. John C. Madower, another NATO command spokesman in Kabul, called the incident "a very sad occasion" and said his "prayers are with the loved ones of the deceased."
 43. The killing came just hours after an Afghan policeman shot five of his colleagues at a checkpoint in northern Afghanistan late Monday. 
44. The attacker then stole his colleague's weapons and fled to join the Taliban, said deputy provincial governor in Jawzjan province, Faqir Mohammad Jawzjani.
 45. Separately, U.S. military officials were investigating the apparent suicide of a Navy SEAL commander in Afghanistan. A U.S. military official in Washington said Cmdr. 
46. Job W. Price, 42, of Pottstown, Pa., died Saturday of a noncombat-related injury in Uruzgan province. 
47. The official said the death "appears to be the result of a suicide."
 48. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the death is still being investigated.
 
--
 
Associated Press reporters Rahim Faiez and Amir Shah in Kabul contributed to this report.

Comments:
1. Another useless death committed by someone we are trying to help. BRING THE TROOPS AND ALL AMERICANS HOME NOW!

2. Somchai, was that you launching the rockets this morning/ Missed me! better luck next time fuqstick.

3. We are not helping anyone that wants to kill us. We are not wanted in their country. So lets get the hell out. No more forigne aid for any of these countries.

4. If they want to shoot people so bad, I say we pull out every US citizen and give these Afghans the chance to shoot each other.

5. Just more proof we need to vacate all those middle east dustbowls and take as much of our chit as possible and close the bank-doors on our way out.

6. Thumbs up for leave Afghanistan now.......; .......Thumbs down for stay in Afghanistan!

7. We have been in their country for more than ten years now. If our country were being occupied, we would have done the same thing far earlier. We're wasting our blood and money there. It's long past time for us to get out. We are never going to win their hearts and minds, nor are we going to transform them into a Western-style democracy.

8. When is the President of Afghanistan going to do something about this? All he does is complain about our soilders but little about the actions of his police/ military. This is one country that can fall, I sure hope Congress cuts off the money effective at the end of 2014. We should not have one American in this dump.

9. Why are we helping people who hate us and burn down christian churches

10. Anyday that any US citizen dies in Afghnaistan, everyone of our politicians and our President has blood on their hands!

11. Why are we still there wasting US lives to a bunch of terrorists stuck in 13th century cult preachings? They take our aid then back stab us....when will Obumma see this? Can't we learn from the Russians....for once we should. GET US THE HELL OUT OF THERE!

12. The Britsh could not tame these savages nor the Russians. What makes us think we can?

13. How any woman can stand to be a Muslim let alone a Taliban Muslim is beyond comprehension in magnitude and scope. And any American woman who converts to Islam has to be insane beyond all magnitude and scope.

14. Way past time to get out of that country. You never know which side they're on. When and IF we ever leave, it will be back to the way it's been since the beginning of time.

15. When will USA public awaken & in massive numbers pressure White House & news media that WE DEMAND an immediate plan that brings home half the USA Nat Guard Units during 2013 & the other half in 2014? WERE NOT AT WAR. GUARDS mission is to remain inside home states.

16. Afghanistan was supposedly to get BL; he's dead; time to bring our warriors home.

17. I agree with others - Get out of that country, there is no need to be there, it isn't our country, let's get out now.

18. Don't wait till the end of 2014. Leave that miserable country now. We've wasted 11 years of lives and treasure on these worthless people. Why bankrupt our country even worse, just to benefit these animals.

19. Please tell me WHY we are there again? Oh Yeah, the CIA owns the Poppy fields.

20. It's not possible to civilize muslims.Killing infidels is part of Islamic beliefs.It's called Jihad.

21. So, over 60 "isolated" incidents in a year. How many before it's no longer "isolated"

22. Why in Gods name are we still in this charnel house? How many more of our troops have to be killed or maimed for absolutely nothing and an ungrateful people? Now I've just read we're starting to involve ourselves in another war in Africa.
 Awfully strange behavior for a president who won the Nobel Peace Prize. Perhaps he should return it.

23. We need to start killing ALL Muslims, they're the worst kind of treacherous animals.

24. Those people are not our friends. Salt the fields, poison the wells, destroy the bridges and get out.

25. What part of, they do not want us there, does this country not get? After all the supossed training that has gone on, as soon as we finally do pull out, they will go back to their taliban suppressed ways! Bring our troops and personale home now! This is a barbaric country that will not change in our lifetimes!

26. Get out of all these Countries Period . Cut all aid We Can't Afford it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

27. We have no business being in this wasteland. $700 billion we've spent and for what? The Afghan government is totally corrupt dictating to a society stuck somewhere in the 6th century, BC. This stink hole is not worth one drop of American blood or one more dollar. 
p.s.: Take this "policewoman" out and shoot her in the gut - it takes longer to die that way.

28. go read about Xerxes & Alexander the Great, those were real warriors, they didn't need drones and see what happened to them in Afghanistan. What makes you think you can invade to steal trillions in minerals?

29. I thought we went there to get Bin Laden.....Why we there now ? Looks likes just a scam for certain people to get rich. We are so stupid and I feel it is not fair to our troops and their loved ones..

30. Enough trying to help these animals. All Americans out and let them kill eachother.

31. The people who we are trying to protect and "free" them from a restricted, dominating life and government are killing us.
 
32. Yes, if we leave their environment and government will worsen but how man American lives must be destroyed before we say "enough is enough?

33. Straight to he-ll for these miserable letches. Bring our people home and let civil war ravage that entire part of the globe. When they decide to leave their own borders and spread their warped view of control, TURN IT ALL TO GLASS!

34. You still don't get it. You are not wanted, you are not needed in Kabul or anywhere else. Go home & take care of your own chithole of a country.

35. We train the muslim slime then they kill us, we allow them in the US then they kill us. When will we learn. Get out of other countries.

36. ..... as long as there is a muslim in afghanistan, we should not be there !!!! 
... a country of muslims will always be a country of muslim terrorists !!!!!

37. Afghanistan is an evil place. We cannot help the citizens of this country and need to get our people home. Centuries of philosophy & theology, which is out of the realm of western understanding can never be changed! They hate the United States & want us out of their country & we should accommodate them.

38. Afghanistan is hopeless. We need to get out now, not two years from now.

1) There will never be a Afghan Thomas Jefferson or George Washington to come out of this country.
 2) These people are tribal people and do not want a centrailized government.
 
3) These people do not want the freedoms we have in the USA or Jeffersonian democracy.
 
4) All other attempts to civilized and tame these people have failed. They are savages. No amount of kindness of $$$ is ever going to change that.

39. Is this when Obama expresses his outrage to Karzai? Notice the "news" agency does not mention Karzai in the story. If the American serviceman had killed the woman we would have thousands wailing in the streets and Karzai protesting.

40. The American people are fools to continue to allow our government to provide any aid to or involvement with Muslim countries.

41. We cant even protect our own in the U.S. (FT HOOD) why the hell are we in their country.

42. The woman should have been unable to give a reason for this due to a large hole in her fulking head caused by a large caliber weapon. Strip her and give her to the Taliban with a school book in her hand.

43. Someday our media will have to report the fact that the Taliban knew nothing about 911 prior to it happening. We have lost thousands of our soldiers and innocent Afghan lives to strike back at them. And in the end we will have left Afghanistan with no accomplishment.

44. Not one word of indignation from Soetero, Biden, or Clinton. That alone speaks volumes...

45. I wonder if there was some personal connection/grudge between the two. She used a single bullet and there's no mention of her seeking to create more victims. This doesn't reek of the chaos a terrorist or extremist tries to create.

46. send more targets (troops) and more money. they are our good friends! all islamic countries want to kill us, but we think paying them will stop it.

47. Great now we have women killing us. Its way past time to get the hell out of Afghanistan and stop all funding and everything and let them take care of their own damn mess. DC and WH, enough is enough! Just not sure why the US is so bullheaded and staying where they definitely dont want us so screw them and get the US out NOW!!

48. Why.... Why are we still there??? What is the magic number of sacrificed lives we need to reach before we say enough is enough

49. useless to help them....women brains there already brainwashed when she was little....bring our troops home and let them kills eachothers one less stupid brian.

50. Another Muslim has to go to trial. Let's see....first there is the matter of Major Nadal Hassan, the Fort Hood shooter who is still waiting for trial after three years. Then the suspect picked up in Benghazi as possibly culpable in the embassy attacks. I'd say the family of the victim in Afghanistan is going to be waiting in line for a long time for justice.

51. The war in Afghanistan is sapping the energy of the United States. The United States is spending more than 130 billion dollars a year on this unnecessary and crazy war. Our American citizens are being killed by the so called friends and enemies as well. The government of the Untied States continues to train the Afghanistan's Police and army in spite of the more than 60 Americans killed by both their police and army this year. This government is sending our men and women to the slaughter house to be murdered and don't care about our military and civilians lives serving in Afghanistan. With their mouths our government officials said; that they care about our people but with their deeds, reflect something else. Those lawmakers keep having their squabbles in congress and they don't accomplish anything.

52. The best Christmas present we can get is, BRING OUR TROOPS HOME, STOP ALL FINANCIAL AID TO THESE COUNTRIES.

53. obama is failing to give the protection to our troops bengazi, navy seal commander, and now our american adviser
 
54. IMPEACH OBAMA!!!

55. Thomes: 10,000,000 thumb up for leaving Afganistan 10,000,000 thumbs down for staying!!!!

56. I hope our government finally has it figured out that, if the US is attacked again, they should bomb the #$%$ out the cities of the countries involved and let it go at that. No more troops on the ground or country rebuilding!

57. Again explain to me why we spill American blood and spend American treasure on thses ungrateful cave dwelling savages.Kill 'em all and let God not allah sort 'em out.

58. "the first known insider attack by a woman in Afghanistan"
 
A demonstration of improving gender equality.

0'bama's Hailburton - is making billions now to the cheers of the d'RATZ
 happiest now are "Code Pinkos ladies " and the losers that attack wall street.
 where is HANOI jane fonda - why is she silent now?

59. the 0;failure 0'bama promised to end the never ending GOOD War his first year!
 more lies for more liberals - but just blame President Bush - who was finished with this cesspool - that 0bama surged

60. Why are we still there and supplying aid to them? They don't want us there and all they want is the aid(money). Pull out now with our money!

61. just blame the USA - or bush - but not the o'failure 0'bama - - right d'ratz
 after all - this is your GOOD WAR

62. 1If I was the Afghan people, I would start turning against the US as well, we've been there for 10 years. We ned to get the hell out and let them take care of their own problems, We always seem to take other countries problem an make it our own at the cost of American lives. This $hlt must stop. bring our children home.

63. Why are we still in this god-forsaken country? I say that we should leave and let the Taliban take it back. Then afterwards we could do a massive raid by killing those who support Bin Laden on 9/11 from the Taliban leadership that returned Afhganistan after our departure.

64. What if all of a sudden our Afghan allies kill every American and NATO soldier they can find.
 We will have no troops to bring home or they might end up on roofs waiting for helicopters to fly them to Pakistan.

65. Robert Hassan /
 Afghan Police woman was a Taliban agent without a doubt

66. I know I'm not the first to make this suggestion, but when can we stop helping these people who clearly only want our help when it can get us killed.

67. Karzai the TURD who runs Afghanistan receives $238 Million dollars a month from IRAN. At the same time Karzai also receives $487 Million a month from our Insane and Stupid CONGRESS and OBAMA!! Why?? At this moment he is building a $55 Million dollar home in Switzerland paid for by the U.S. Taxpayer!! After the American Troops are gone he plans on retiring there and let the Taliban rule Afghanistan!!

68. cnn has max viewer of only 556,000(pier commie morgan) msnbc had ONLY 256,000, fox has only 3,ooo,ooo -----------internet news agencies such as alex jones-drudge report manning report have a combines 10,000,000 ,no one is listening to cnn and msnbc lies anymore except borderline retarded people

69. Maybe it's simple. Either she caught him with another woman or he was a key CIA guy. 
.

70. chances are the he could have been shot here in US in church, mall, college, univeristy, school as well by a lunatic

71. *pause* There really is a police WOMAN in Afghanistan????? That right there is more remarkable than the shooting.

72. That region will do whatever it wants - history proved that. Bring our people home and let them fight among themselves. Not every country knows what democracy is - let them live the same way as they did 2 thousand years ago. We should protect lives of our own people - which we cannot do in our own country. Pity of all the lives lost there.

73. When will our leaders ever learn that, to a Muslim, if you aren't pulling out a prayer rug five times a day, you are pure evil, deserving death?

74. Bring ALL our people home and let those muslim knuckledraggers get back to the only thing they are good at--murdering each other.

75. I wonder when she gets to heaven does she get 70 virgins these people are a waste What a waste it's time we let these people have the country back if they fall back into their old ways so the it let them live in the world they have tha created and when it goes South we let them sleep in the bed they made. walkway because they have become the untouchables. Pri pariah

76. we need to pull out of these countries and let them self destruct! STOP helping countries that kill Americans and train terrorist!

77. Let's see...
 
Afghans don't want us there.
 Afghan police don't want us there.
 American public doesn't want us there.
 US Military doesn't want us there.
 Entire world doesn't want us there.
 
Solution: 
Send billions of US taxdollars to Afghanistan, maintain indefinite US presense.
 
WASHINGTON DC!!
 
(Note: this is the polar opposite of saying "BRILLIANT!")

78. KEEP YOUR PROMISE! BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME MR PRESIDENT! Why we wasted so many good Americans lives on these worthless savages is beyond me, they have nothing to offer the world ...

79. OH her background was clean, so what happen? What happen is these dung covered people HATE us, they want to KILL us. What part of that don't we get?
 The day after we leave they will still be the tribal neanderthals they have always been.

80. Get the hell out now!! Stop the money flow to this killing field now!! Enough of our people being slaughtered by these illiterates.

81. Now all you people that Voted for Obama and thought that he would stop all the Bush programs and military actions should feel pretty damn good about yourselves. Suckers. Told you that A vote for either of the two major candidates was a losing vote for America.

82. Why didnt we just spray the poppy plants. This country would have dried up without aa American ever dying there.

83. "Only a good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with a gun." Wasn't this woman a 'good guy'? The point is we need to get away from "good guy"/"bad guy" terminology when guns don't know the difference. It'll fire for anyone.

84. I'm sure she would have ended up in the U.S. under a "refugee" visa, complete with all the welfare benefits that comes with it. We need to GTFO of there and let them figure out modern civilization for themselves.

85. Over a decade after 3,000 people were murdered in NY by traitors in order to set into motion the “Project for a New American Century” and the phony “War on Terror”, people continue to be maimed and killed and enormous resources wasted in one more megalomaniacal empire building project that like all of its predecessors, is destined to end up on the trash heap of history. We are being warned about a so-called premature withdrawal from Afghanistan. Even if so-called Al Qaeda were the real reason for being there, this makes no sense because Al Qaeda could have already relocated years ago. The real reasons for staying are the same ones they were ten years ago – strategic control of resources, including pipelines to carry Caspian Basin oil. We also have the factor of the thousands of military contractor companies who have now become dependent on the cash flows from the death and destruction machine. If Barry were to try to end the party, they would all immediately be howling to their puppets in Congress that the gravy train must continue or else they will go bankrupt. Only exposing the false flag mass murder that is the cornerstone of this diabolical plan, can bring back rule of law to America and initiate a real economic and moral recovery.

86. Dear President Obama,
 Remove all military personell, American advisors, and others from Afghanistan IMMEDIATELY. Also, withdraw all aid from this hellhole.

87. Thank Reagan and Father and son Bush for this. 
“These gentlemen are the moral equivalents of America’s founding fathers.” — Ronald Regan while introducing the Taliban leaders to media on the White house lawns (1985

88. resolution for January 2013: Let's pack up, take all our troops, equipment, money and let Karzai have his pathetic country.

89. These " isolated incidents" are happening with alarming frequency. Now that Afghan women are entering the assassination pool this place just got twice as dangerous.

90. Yet the US Gov. gives away millions upon millions of dollars in foreign aid and we still suffer here at home with homeless & hungry people. The middle class in the USA is taxed to death and a common working man doesn't stand a chance anymore. The US Gov. needs to stop spending .

91. I notice the usage of the language in reports on Afghanistan: "American adviser"; "their foreign allies". Also the usage of language here at home: "democracy"; "freedom", etc.

92. Must had been too many people there for it to be a "suicide..." green on blue killing happen often and is down played by the media since obama took office. And I be he was shot with a US made/paid for weapon.

93. Where is all the up roar about this from the white house just like when they claim a US soldier shoots one of them. I guess Obama supports the woman.

94. What is the point?
 We are trying to leave......
 NEVERMIND, lets just stay and put there people back into diapers.

95. (1) Try the "policewoman" for murder and if she is found guilty of murder, execute her; (2) withdraw our troops from this hellhole; (3) stop pouring American tax dollars in the form of foreign aid into this hellhole.

96. If you get out, the question then becomes, what do you do if there is another attack on a US interest and we know that Afghanistan is harboring the perpetrators? I'm not saying that by itself is a reason to stay... we should not be staying, particularly given the tactics the US is using to fight this war IMO. The military has to do some soul-searching on this. But again, if somebody attacks the US and runs to Afghanistan, what should the US reaction be?

97. When the pipeline across Afghanistan is completed in 2014, who will own it?

98. Barry, every day you are given good reasons to leave Afghanistan. Even the worst Republican will not blame you for putting an end to this waste of life and money. You don't even have to admit it was a mistake; just say our check bounced.

 99. We are their because of bad leaders and bad decisions, no different than Vietnam.

100. The "prudent measure" to put into place should be to get the h3ll out that country.......and.....Japan, Korea and Europe. Now I read where the Army is sending more troops to Africa. What are they thinking?????

101. We see protest for fast food joints, for department stores, abortion clinics, but never for our troops helping people who want to kill them, while throwing billions into helping them all while our country slowly deteriorates and our children go hungry, families get kicks out to the streets.

102. What's going to happen to the shooter. It's too damned bad that she wasn't killed on the spot.

103. we send billions of our taxdollars to countries that clearly HATE us and yet we cant find the funds to protect our very own children? absolutely pathetic!
Male warriors in foreign lands often strike up "Friendships with the Friendlies". My Grandson says that's still true. He says things are pretty clandestine, between GIs and local women-due to the Sharia culture of violence. He says the women often talk of marriage and coming to the States to live. He said they "Go Crazy on your #$%$ when the GI breaks off the relationship". Seems the old "Fury of a woman scorned", makes them resort to Afghan responses; killing or maiming the guy. I think that's what this case is about.

104. Trillions wasted on Afghanistan and Iraq and hundreds of billions of dollars in healthcare costs for brain injured soldiers coming back. This is what happens when you vote two corrupt imbeciles for presidents..

105. Ok... here's the cover story. Three Pakistani (U.S. nukes - CIA top secret mission here) Nuclear war head is missing. Two days later cover story, nukes go off, one in Pakistank, one in Afghanistan and one in India. Problem for terrorism and outsourcing SOLVED by our awesome CIA.

106. We need to get thehell out of the country and stop trying to impose our values on the rest of the world.......

107. As such attacks mounted this year, U.S. officials in Kabul and Washington insisted they were "isolated incidents" and withheld details. An AP investigation earlier this month showed that at least 63 coalition troops — mostly Americans — had been killed and more than 85 wounded in at least 46 insider attacks. That's an average of nearly one attack a week. In 2011, 21 insider attacks killed 35 coalition troops.
 
108. strange...those numbers dont SEEM to be "isolated"..they seem to be pretty steady.officials need to quit looking thru their navels

109. They hate our guts and don;t want us there. So, why are we still there AND throwing billions
 at them, too?

110. Great ,we've elevated women there so they can become cops and shoot us now;this "war" and 90% of all wars are big mistakes..GTF OUT!

111. Well, we trained and educated Afghan women to be equal, and they are showing us we were right. A high percentage of Afghans we train are using those skills against us. Brilliant policy.

112. Way past time to pack up, men, bag, baggage, and all equipment, including anything military, and leave this God forsaken hellhole full of killers, and let them fight & kill each other.

113. I suppose the US adviser's advice would now have been "get the heck out of this hole of a country, they don't want us there"

114. Islamist think we should abide by their ideals while they live in our country. NOT!!! When you come to America then you must abide by our laws and ideals, that is what they want when we visit their countries. YOU ARE NOT SPECIAL.

115. More reason never to make the mistake of "nation" building. if the Afghan women want their rights they can get guns and fight for them. We must let these people and all others do their own fighting. We will sell them guns not missiles or artillery. Time to help the American citizen.

116. Why are we there?
 
Why didn't we just carpet bomb the entire country into oblivion and walk away?
 What was the point in ever putting boots on the ground in this middle eastern insane asylum in the first place?
 
117. Someone please tell me what advantage there is to having American personnel in harm's way over just turning the entire region into slag from afar.

118. It's Christmas Eve and I will tell you that the prayers of those in command of the Western forces bleeding and dying 'nation building' in third world toilets mean nothing. We should have defeated these pigs on the field of battle and left.

119. This Woman had made great strides in being made a Police Officer. One of few given a position withheld because of Islam in it's treatment of Women. Yet she clearly supports the taiban in their Religious hate, and Terrorist activity to impose their Sharia laws. What else is new. They have been using Women as Bombers, and now slipping them in as "Sleepers" in the Police. How can a Country with so many twisted minds ever join the civilized World? They can't, and we are wasting lives, money, and time with people that are nothing more then stone age savages. Pull out. Let them kill each other. They have created their own fate. If they bother us then Carpet bomb them back to 3,000 A.D.

120. that's the risk contractors take when they agree to work there for 3 times what the military is paid.

121. The Afghans are not our allies. At best we are temporary nuisance. 
We are wasting our time and money there.

122. Contractors are a pretty trigger happy bunch so no shock. They are paid way too well and are outside the military chain of command. It's like a private army of mercs, no that's exactly what they are.

123. It was over there when bin Laden bought it, if not before. Waste of life for the dead guy. Waste of our people and money and time to still be there. It's basically medieval, highly emotive bunch, full of Islam in the worst sense. Sharia creeps; let's leave.

124. get our troops out of afganistan NOW, we don't belong there any more if you're not going to send them into pakistan where the rest of the terrorist FLED TO IN 2003!!!!!!!!
 
125. F' Afganistan nobody gives a rat's behind about the place, not even the people living there care enough to fight to keep their country in order!!!!!
 
126. let them kill each other and we can finish off the victors again if we need to.
 
better yet fire the CIA and let the russians have the chit 'ole!!!

127. Here's a solution to the fiscal cliff: Send our troops and citizens home from the Middle East and cut all aid. We don't need to aid those who kill us.

128. Not one more dime to these stone age wastelands. Bring Every American home today.

129. The American people see no reason to have one more drop of American and loyal ally blood given to this miserable country. We need to leave ASAP and not give them any type of support (including financial).

130. Remember early BHO said he needed a DOMESTIC FORCE as well funded, & equipped, & trained & staffed as the reg USA MILITARY (that can fight a global war) WHY? What internal homeland war AGAINST WHOM does BHO intend to fight INSIDE THE USA? and, WHEN???

131. why an the hell are we still there , bring our troops home , stop all money and aid , too all muslin countries they are not our friends , can not be trusted , burn our flags , kill our people

132. She should have been killed as the Afgans will let her go. When a person is killed they will never get the chance to kill again. She looked like a pig and no one would have missed her.

133. We give them guns and train them to use them and they shoot our people. Why are we still in this country giving them money and letting them kill our people?

134. Oh those kooky ol' Afghani's; ain't it just GREAT we're still over there for them?!

135. Lets get out of there now. If we stop buying oil from middle east countries they will be forced to kill themselves.

136. Merry Christmas, infidel dogs. Now we dine on reindeer and goat bunghole stew!

137. I betcha this is not your 'usual' type of Afghan-on-American attack. More personal, MUCH more so...

138. pistol still in hand, after the shooting. But she was subdued by police. Sounds like there is collusion going on. Time to pull out save many billions of taxpayer dollars and allow them to butcher their selves as they have been doing for centuries.

139. Only Americans would think of installing "policewomen" into a culture and society like Afghanistan's.

140. The new uniform for U.S. trainers will have a bulls eye on the back and front.

141. The country is in for a world of hurt , thanks to these degenerates liberals and the tards that voted this guy back in office..

142. That's why the civilian advisers make 2 - 3x what a US soldier does. Just another workplace death. Here are your under paid soldiers who have died this month that didn't make the news.
 
12-14-2012 Lipari, Kevin E. Sergeant 1st Class 39 Hostile - hostile fire 
12-14-2012 Trent, Nelson D. Staff Sergent 37 Hostile - hostile fire - IED attack 
12-13-2012 Reid, Nicholas J. Staff Sergeant 26 Hostile - hostile fire - IED attack 
12-10-2012 Williams, Wesley R. Staff Sergeant 25 Hostile - hostile fire - IED attack 
12-09-2012 Checque, Nicolas D. Petty Officer 1st Class 28 Hostile - hostile fire 
12-03-2012 Orgaard, Tyler J. Specialist 20 Hostile - hostile fire - IED attack 
12-03-2012 Linde, Darren M. Sergeant 1st Class 41 Hostile - hostile fire - IED 
12-02-2012 Denier, Anthony J. Lance Corporal 26 Hostile - hostile fire - small arms

143. Next we'll be hearing an apology from Obama regarding whatever it is that made this "policewoman" decide to kill our adviser. These people do not want our help, nor should any of us have to support such efforts with our tax dollars.

144. Time to leave from Afganistan is overdue.If we stay there 20 years more still nothing going to be change still they will hate us still they will be in the stone age.We have nothing to gain but huge loss.

145. We have no clear mission anymore. Could the media please give us a daily drumbeat on casualties, violence, and injuries like they did when Bush was president? I cannot believe we haev a president who can joke around and frolic in the Hawaiin surf while commander in chief of troops putting their lives on the line in war under his direction!

146. a civilian adviser who worked with the NATO command. A civilian adviser? What do they do?

147. So much for the old saying stabbed in the back , now it is shot in the chest .BRING OUR PATRIOTS HOME NOW

148. So now the women are killing us, and I guess our response is not to fire back. What a mess we are in. We can't trust their military or police any more. Get outta there now. Their whole country isn't worth the life of one American.

149. Time to get the hell out --how many more incidents need to occur to prove these are #$%$ allies--? The judgment of the political and military leaders who have not gotten the US out of Afghanistan long before now really shows their level of incompetence.

150. If she didn't shout Allah Akbar after pulling the trigger, then it looks like it might be personal.

151. Deploy OUT right now. Cancel all contracts. Don't leave ANY American equipment.

152. Why hasn't America sprayed Round - up on Afgan Poppy Crop(Heroin)their #1 Cash Crop, Cash starving Taliban! American Government not very smart!

153. We really must leave these Muslim countries. Remove all American Personnel and American Monies by January 1, 2013. Then they will be free to kill each as they have done for generations.

154. So now even the women in that 'country' are murdering our people. And we're talking about women who are supposedly kept hidden and subservient in a male-dominated tribal society. Yet even THEY are now coming after us. TIME TO LEAVE !!

155. We fought and gave the women there a right to get educated and the right to vote and this is how we are repaid.

156. Any VietNam Veteran could 'splain this but ignorance is bliss.Ain't but 2 kinds of people in a Foreign Country when it gets dark---US & THEM.Keep pretending they don't hate everybody who has waged wars in their yards for a hundred years now.

157. We must stay in Afghanistan, where else can americans get murder by their allies better.

158. we really just need to do this the easy way. pull back, surround the country, airlift guns to every corner of the country, and let nature take its' course. nobody in or out!

159. If the Taliban threatens her children (hypothetical), what else is she going to do?

Just take away her weapons and hand her to the Taliban. See how she enjoys being their slave.

160. Obama plans to leave 10,000 more troop there - after he said - he would end the war and bring the boys home -

161. Afghanistan, along with Somalia and a few others, have managed the rare and sad feat of accomplishing almost nothing in 2,000 years.

162. Afghanistan has been a failed state for a long time--the people are primitive and ignorant with little regard for human life--sad

163. All the American military, advisers, and US embassy personnel need to leave that country and let it rot to hell!

164. this is what a trillion dollars gets??? what kind of idiots are running our military???

165. Except for war mongering war profiteers we wouldn't have any troops or CIA agents over there. But, of course, unbelievable profits from government war contracts come first.

166. Allies, I think the Afghans are our enemies!!!! How stupid is America? Just look at our leaders.

167. We all know what's going on in Afghanistan , So why are we still there,we are not wanted there,Karzai,dislikes us,but wants our money,you say we are out of there in 2014, so why not now,what's the big secret ,Mr. O'bama.

168. One can invade and one can takeout leaders but none can occupy with out death.
 Iraq,Afghanistan,Pakistan,or any other Muslum state.

169. It is time to withdraw from Afghanistan!! They are already proficient at killing! Predators and Bombs not Boots on the ground!

170. Iraq, Afghanistan, mexico, all the same, stop giving MY tax money to these toilets

171. Were her children threatened? Did she know the victim? Or Is she just another fanatic Muslim infiltrator ?

172. I am glad Afghan has such pretty new buildings (as shown in the photo) paid for of course by us. Jez, you know, the road a ways from my house could sure use some pot hole repair. Wonder if we could divert just a little of that Afghan money our way......

173. There is a lot more to this story than is written I bet. She likely didn't do this as a random act. I'm a huge "right wing" guy but am tired of the money and lives on the line in countries that hate us. I'd love to see our resources here locally instead of being flown back in body bags.

174. i guess that afghan woman want to go back to her lifestyle being raped and tortured cause apparently her living condition is much worse. that is why she needed to kill. IDIOT.

175. Wow ! Afghan women can be policewomen, but girls are not allowed to read ! I guess she knew not what she do-eth !

176. As our experience in Iraq and Afghanistan proves, nation building in countries with backward thinking people is foolish and should not be part of our national strategy. Our western values do not allow us to win them over with brutality so they fear the islamic radical more then they do us. Whatever cooperation we get is temporary. The natural order goes right back into affect when we leave. They know it and we know it so why are we still in Afghanistan Mr. Obama?

177. He promised her to take her back to the USA for a BJ and then he reneged

178. The deadline has become a dead line. Bring them home NOW! and burn the poppy fields on the way out

179. I bet this policewoman was trained by us! When we learn that training Muslims how to kill is against our flesh and blood?

180. and the afghans cant understand why the rest of the world looks at them like they are 3rd world monkey trash!!!

181. Maybe she was the victim of a rape? Otherwise I hope they try and convict her.

182. It makes it tough out on patrol.
 Whenever you're attacked, the time consuming part is having to shoot all your Afghan allies first, before you can engage the attackers.
 Basically, you carry double the ammunition.

183. While the President vacations in Hawaii and Congress is at home enjoying themselves, we have people being killed for no reason whatsoever. It's time to end this madness and bring out people home, all of them.

184. OK, so no one thinks we should be there. But the party bosses say we stay. Just like no one seems to have voted for Obama but he wins anyway. We thought it could never happen here; it already has.

185. I have come to the conclusion that these maggot bottom feeders are well armed and can take care of themselves. It is time for the USA to pull ALL assets and funds from this hell hole. The Russians couldn't beat them why would any sane politician from the US think they could do better? Forgot we have NO sane or NON-Corrupt politicians.

186. Guns are with us and have been for hundreds of years. It's the Decline of our society and recent hatred promoted by this admin. that's the problem. America is filled with angry, out of contro,l unhappy entitled folks. If you don't care to protect yourself or Your family, Don't own a gun, the rest of us will.

 
187. US has the respect of No one any longer, especially after Benghazi. Prepare for More murders of US personnel abroad. Then, when the terrorists come here again, and they Will, call Obama!

188. You can brain wash anybody into doing anything. I'm surprised more women aren't used, since they treat them like chattel anyway.

189. Fellow American taxpayers: Look at the photos accompanying this article. See those buildings, those vehicles, that infrastructure? Well, YOU BUILT THAT. To be blown up with explosives YOU PAID FOR and stolen so that those buildings, vehicles and that infrastructure can BE BLOWN UP AGAIN.

190. In 2008 0bama made campaign promises to get us out of Afghanistan. Did he??? Nope, but earlier this year he did agree to keep a US presence there for at least 10 more years.

191. Just more proof that NO muSLIME should ever be trusted, anywhere, anytime.