JERUSALEM (AP) — 
1. Israel has advanced the process of building 942 more settler homes in east Jerusalem under a new fast-track plan to tighten its grip on the territory, which the Palestinians claim as the capital of a future state.
 2. A government planning committee on Monday moved the project to the advanced stage of asking contractors to submit bids to build them, the Interior Ministry said Tuesday. 
3. Once a bid is awarded, construction can begin on the project in the Gilo area, though it can take months, if not longer, to reach that point.
 4. An additional 300 units can be built after further planning, said attorney Daniel Seidemann, an expert on Jerusalem construction who sees the building as an obstacle to peacemaking. 
5. About 40,000 Israelis live in Gilo.
 6. "With God's help, we will continue to live and build in Jerusalem, which will remain united under Israeli sovereignty," Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said at the campaign launch event of his Likud Party. 
7. "We will continue to strengthen the settlements." Israeli elections are set for Jan. 22.
 8. Nabil Abu Rdeneh, a spokesman for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, said the new Israeli announcement was a "red line" that would block the chance for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, in which a Palestinian state would be established alongside Israel.
 9. "The Palestinian Authority will take all the possible means available to respond to this," said Abu Rdeneh. 
10. The statement was posted on the official Palestinian news agency Wafa.
 11. The newly-approved homes are among more than 5,000 new settler homes in east Jerusalem that Israel pressed ahead over the past week. 
12. Palestinians do not recognize Israel's 1967 annexation of the territory and say any Israeli construction there undermines their claims to it. 
13. The international community has not recognized Israel's 1967 annexation of east Jerusalem.
 14. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu launched a settlement construction push to punish the Palestinians after the United Nations recognized a de facto Palestinian state in east Jerusalem, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip last month. 
15. Israel says the Palestinians can achieve a state only through negotiations with the Israeli government, and regards the U.N. bid as a maneuver to sidestep talks.
 16. The Palestinians have said they hope the upgraded status will allow them to return to the negotiating table with a stronger hand. 
17. Talks stalled four years ago, primarily over settlement construction.
 18. The construction push in east Jerusalem has drawn international condemnation, as have plans to build thousands of more settler homes in the adjacent West Bank.
 19. Israel captured both areas and Gaza in 1967.
 20. It withdrew settlers and soldiers from Gaza in 2005, but blocks most access to the territory and retains control over the West Bank and east Jerusalem.
 21. Also Tuesday, the Gaza Strip's ruling Hamas announced that Palestinian journalists there have been banned from working for Israeli media outlets.
 22. The official statement from the Hamas Cabinet called Israeli outlets "hostile entity media institutions."
 
23. Israeli media have no permanent correspondents in the Gaza Strip, but Israeli TV channels and newspapers often employ local Palestinian journalists as stringers. 
24. The Gaza journalists do not generally identify themselves to others as working for Israeli outlets because of a taboo against cooperating with Israel.
 25. Israel bans Israeli journalists from entering the Gaza Strip, saying their presence in Gaza would pose a risk to their security.
 
____
 
Ibrahim Barzak in Gaza City, Gaza Strip contributed to this report.

Comments:
1. “Whenever you are confronted with an opponent. Conquer him with love.”

Merry Christmas to the Christian Palestinians and Christians living in Israel.

2. Matthew 5:47 "And if you greet only your brothers, what more are you doing than others? Do not even the Gentiles do the same?"

3. And now for the comment to Yahoo..... how can this story make the most popular list and no one made a comment?

4. If we wish to create a lasting peace we must begin with the children."

“Religion is to do right. It is to love, it is to serve, it is to think, it is to be humble.”

“We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.”

5. American Jewish Committee, the ADL and other major Jewish supremacist organizations have worked relentlessly to forbid even the singing of Christmas carols in schools and public institutions. They have made sure that nativity scenes and Christian symbols are removed from community property, but they have worked for and even received court approval for Jewish Menorahs on public property. While they have said that even the singing a Christmas carol is dangerous to Constitutional principles, they have orchestrated billions of American tax dollars to be sent to a religious state, that of Israel. A nation openly in service of one religion; Judaism. So in effect, billions of our tax dollars are being sent to support a religion, and not our own religion...
 
One that hates Christianity and J3sus himself!!!!!!!!!!!

6. It is disgusting for those who claim to be on de side of right justice and democracy to steal someone’s -IDENTITY- and posted here. I dare you still mine! You son of ignorance! Son of oppression! Son of malice! Of course you want take mine because mine comes with a course
 
7. -comprende las palabras del que murio en la cruz

8. "I look at Jerusalem as being a beacon for the three monotheistic religions."

9. So let’s go back to 1906, more than a decade before the ACLU was founded, when Jewish families in New York City staged a one-day boycott of public schools in the city. The reason? You guessed it: Christmas celebrations in the schools.
 
In particular, a committee of Jewish leaders told the city board of education, they objected to “the singing of denominational hymns” and “the use of the Christmas tree.” Such rituals are “inflicting repugnant religious convictions on the school children,” they argued.
 
Indeed, a Yiddish newspaper added, school Christmas programs represented “shmad shtick” — that is, an effort to convert Jews. Another paper argued that the New York state Constitution required a separation of church and state; by the same token, Christmas celebrations violated it.
 
And when the school board turned a deaf ear, Jews turned on their heels. On Dec. 24, the day before Christmas, New York Jews declared a one-day school strike. On Manhattan’s Lower East Side, the city’s most densely populated Jewish

10. "Five great enemies to peace inhabit with us: avarice, ambition, envy, anger, and pride. If those enemies were to be banished, we should infallibly enjoy perpetual peace"

11. The differences between Jews and gentiles are not religious, historical, cultural or political. They are, rather, racial, genetic and scientifically unalterable. The one group is at its very root and by natural construction "totally evil" while the other is "totally good"".
 
-- Romemut Yisrael Ufarashat Hagalut by Rabbi Saadya Grama

12. "I like to read about different religions - Judaism, Islam, Christianity, Hinduism and Buddhism."

"The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend." Lol Hey there Speak.

Now we know how committed the zionists are to peace with the Palestinians.

"Peace cannot be achieved through violence, it can only be attained through understanding."

Bato....if your read Romans 11 you see that Paul refers to physical Israel.

Our tax money at work. Stop the zionist tail from wagging the stupid American dog.

13. Mark,
 you said Israelis stole the land from Palestinan to build the state of Israel ok fair points but didn't we stole the land from Native American as well. So should we all go back to Europe and all other countries that we came from and leave usa to native american? You see how impossible that to happen. Leave history alone the only valuable solution for both Israelis and Palestinen is share the land and make peaceful agreement.

14. In October 2010, Adam Gadahn, American-born Al Qaeda spokesmen, directed an appeal to Muslim immigrants in what he called the "miserable suburbs" of Paris, London and Detroit, as well as those traveling to the West to study or work:
 "It is the duty of everyone who is sincere in his desire to defend Islam and Muslims today, to take the initiative to perform the individual obligation of jihad ... by striking the Zio-Crusader interests," he said, referring to Western and Jewish interests.

15. Amazing that many evangelicals support Israel which does not support the messiah.

16. "If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other."

17. “TODAY’S WAR is not a war against Adolph Hitler. It is a war against uncivilized, barbarian Germans who cherish darkness. The German people may seemingly adopt the superficial mannerisms of civilized peoples but all the while there remains ever present within them that war-soul which drives them to kill. And no amount of conditioning or civilizing will ever be able to change this basic nature.
 
“There remains then but one mode of ridding the world forever of Germanism – and that is to stem the source from which issue those war-lusted souls, by preventing the people of Germany from ever again reproducing their kind. This modern method is known as Eugenic Sterilization”
 
18. Now look at how the J3ws try to label the Palestinians the same way and this was written in 1941 by Kaufman the same type of hate speech and deception to promote their agendas of war, theft, and manipulations.

19. Israeli Jews drive the Palestinian Christians and Muslims into the sea and stealing their land and murdering their children. Yet their propagandists in America continue to try and claim that Israelis are the victims. Pure lies and propaganda by the kosher media.

20. "Peace between countries must rest on the solid foundation of love between individuals"

21. Respect and honour all human beings irrespective of their religion, colour, 
race, sex, language, status, property, birth, profession/job and so on

22. “Those who know nothing about Islam pretend that Islam counsels against war. Those people are witless. Islam says: 'Kill all the unbelievers just as they would kill you all!' Does this mean that Muslims should sit back until they are devoured by the infidel? Islam says: 'Kill them, put them to the sword and scatter them.' Islam says: 'Whatever good there is exists thanks to the sword.' The sword is the key to Paradise, which can be opened only for the Holy Warriors! Does all this mean that Islam is a religion that prevents men from waging war? I spit upon those foolish souls who make such a claim." 
-Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, Mass Murderer

23. I encourage all Americans to find out about the Chabad Lubavitchers and the Rabbi Schneerson. That Khazar a...z...z..h..o...l...e was a real piece of work. Among other ditties, he said the Gentiles are put on earth to serve as slaves for the Juuuuus. Where is Uncle Adolf when you need him?

24. I wrote: Jay, just because you are ignorant does not make me Musilm.
 Jay replied: It makes you a Nazi.
 
LOL. Jay just said that his ignorance makes me a Nazi.

25. Raise the Tax 

[Sing to the tune of Jingle Bells]
 
The president needs to
 Raise the tax rates today
 To raise more revenue
 That’s already thrown away
 On what people don’t want
 But on what they can’t avoid
 And only those who are aware
 Are now feeling so annoyed, hey!
 
Raise the tax, raise the tax,
 Let’s raise the tax today
 Just because Obama Claus 
Has thrown our cash away
 Raise the tax, raise the tax,
 Let’s raise the tax today
 Just because Obama Claus 
Has thrown our cash away!

26. In hindsight - looks like the Palestinians should have taken the deal Arafat turned down.

27. Mohammad’s Folks Sing I Dreamed a Dream
 
I dreamed a dream when I was high
 Of Jewish dead and life worth living
 I’m really not an evil guy
 But I can be so unforgiving 
When I decide to blame the few
 For all the failures I’ve created
 I now ask you to hate the Jews
 As they’re the ones excoriated
 My nightmare tends to come at night 
When people are posting on Yahoo
 They see my mind is not alright
 And contradict the lies that I spew
 And so they kill the dream I dreamed.

28. "If we wish to create a lasting peace we must begin with the children."

29. Merry Christmas World. Everyone. Without any exceptions. Merry Christmas Peace on Earth Good will towards all

30. "Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power.We have guided missiles and misguided men"

"And so happy Christmas
 For black and for white
 For yellow and red ones
 Let's stop all the fight."

Will the mohammedan SPAM ?
 
As sure as Rudi has a red nose.
 Merry Christmas.

31. “In internal discussion in 1938 [David Ben-Gurion] stated that ‘after we become a strong force, as a result of the creation of a state, we shall abolish partition and expand into the whole of Palestine’...In 1948, Menachem Begin declared that: ‘The partition of the Homeland is illegal. It will never be recognized. The signature of institutions and individuals of the partition agreement is invalid. It will not bind the Jewish people. Jerusalem was and will forever be our capital. Eretz Israel (the land of Israel) will be restored to the people of Israel, All of it. And forever.” Noam Chomsky, “The Fateful Triangle.”

32. "When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace."

33. Juancito spends his life taking certain verses out of context to deceive others. The pay for this is the Lake of Fire. 2 Peter 3 says he will be destroyeed.

34. "Mayday ? 2 mins 10 secs ago Report Abuse
 Israelis multiply like rabbits. Good thing they get American tax free charity to make this reproduction affordable."
 That is a LIE

35. Romans 13:8-10 - Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law

36. " Pardon gracefully if anyone among you who commits a bad deed out of 
ignorance, and then repents and amends"

37. "When you meet each other, offer good wishes and blessings for safety. One 
who conveys to you a message of safety and security and also when a courteous 
greeting is offered to you, meet it with a greeting still more courteous or (at 
least) of equal courtesy"

"Treat kindly Your related neighbours, and unrelated neighbours, Companions 
by your side in public gatherings, or public transportation"

38. Countries that have CAMPS full of millions of people are never peaceful or good.

39. Please reread you're post. You're negative post makes you look dumb. HONESTLY!

40. Does God support the Zionist gangsters? You Christian idiots must think God supports murder, land theft, subversion of governments, bribery, extortion, manipulation. Some of you Christians are as crazy as these fekkking Khazar Juuuus.

41. Very good, exposing the Chabad Lubavitchers. Those cretins are the head of the snake. Cut the head off and problem solved.

42. "The believers are but a single Brotherhood. Live like members of one family, 
brothers and sisters unto one another"

43. Countries that have CAMPS full of millions of people are never peaceful or good.

44. ..............the construction is on barren land but don't let the facts stop you from hating Native Zionists

45. "Rivers, ponds, lakes and streams - they all have different names, but they all contain water. Just as religions do - they all contain truths."

46. "If you see good in people, you radiate a harmonious loving energy which uplifts those around you. If you can maintain this habit,this energy will turn into a steady flow of love."

47. It's funny how we poke fingers at different people like Adolf Hitler,Stalin,Saddam Hussein and call them the "anti-Christ" when the real anti-Christs are among us in great hordes in everyday life...that is the J3ws.

48. At the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs Steven Cohen enlightens us to the fact that “American J3ws, in their struggle to win and assure their full acceptance in the larger society, have long placed church-state issues at the top of their political and community relations agenda.” Mr. Cohen does not explain how the rigorous J3wish campaign to marginalize Christianity in a culture that is 86% Christian will “assure [J3ws] their full acceptance.”

49. Christmas, shmistmas! an unhappy Penelope Trunk informs us that “as workers, J3ws have to observe Christmas. It’s a weird day to have off from work. No stores are open. There’s nothing on TV. Most restaurants are closed. It’s a boring day, a good day to be at work . . .But we are forced to take a holiday.” She goes on: “Given the nothingness of Christmas to most J3ws, it is absurd how much Christmas cheer the J3ws partake in just to fit in at the office. . . J3ws are having to be someone they are not in order to fit in...” 

50. Typical J3w if it not all about them or promoting their agendas they are always the Victim!!

51. Someday I hope to see the progeny of Abraham at peace. Merry Christmas.

52. The real problem with the Yids and Khazars is that they are not descendants of Moses, but rather descendants of Genghis Khan. That is why they are so virulent, like the worst kind of bacteria.

53. When your old Yiddish grandmother talks about the old, extra stinky lox and bagel from the Old Country, she is talking about Poland. Lox and bagel is not a Middle Eastern food. That comes from the Uighurs of the Central Asian planes. Stop pretending to be Biblical people when in reality you are descendants of Ginghis Khan, not Moses.

54. Proverbs 17:17 A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for adversity

1 John 3:18 Little children, let us not love in word or talk but in deed and in truth.

55. If Israel wants to act like a big boy and go it alone, then let go all alone like an adult. No more US taxpayer funds to Israel. I give the a week.

56. Day after day Israel spits in our face. Just how long do we have to talerate these spiteful people. Please tell our government officials that we are tired of Israel running the agenda that happens in Congress. We don't have to love the Islamic World we just have to turn our backs on both.

57. "If we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are headed for."

And then we wonder why the Palestinians lob Katyusha rockets in futility. Perhaps if the Palestinians learned to spend rocket money on lobbying efforts in DC, their efforts would eventually be rewarded.

58. It's interesting how so many nations claim they own land and territories, when in fact, the land was here long before humans. Hmmm...

59. Why all the complaining, I thought ,only in America , citizens were not allowed to use their OWN LAND !

60. The question which I can never seem to get an answer to is what makes the 1948 cease fire lines any more legitimate than the 1967 cease fire lines. The arabs have never recognized the 1948 lines as permanent borders (for that matter no one else has either) and even at this time on most maps and insignia produced by arabs the only borders are those of the old British mandate, indicating a single unit. The attitude of the arabs seems to be that now that they've been beaten in several wars they want Israel to surrender.

61. Lol. This is so silly. Bashing each other's religion. That's not going to solve anything.

62. J3ws are offended by candy canes let alone the thought of a giving spirit that is counter productive to their greedy protocols of the T@LMUD they are indoctrinated with from birth.

63. Bottom Line
 The United States has long been an ally of Israel, and Americans continue to show decidedly positive views toward that nation.
 Merry Christmas!

64. "When the #$%$ applies his thought, his whole soul to the cause of the workers and the despoiled, of the disinherited of this world, his fundamental quality is that he goes to the root of 
things.
 
65. In Germany he becomes a Marx and a Lasalle, a Haas and an Edward Bernstein; in Austria Victor Adler, Friedrich Adler; in Russia, Trotsky.
 
66. Compare for an instant the present situation in Germany and Russia: the revolution there has liberated creative forces, and admire the quantity of #$%$s who were there ready for active and immediate service. 

(Rabbi J.L. Manges, speaking in New York in 1919; The Secret Powers Behind Revolution, by Vicomte Leon De Poncins, p. 128)

67. It's past time for the United States to quit bankrolling Israeli state terrorism.

68. “You can have peace. Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having both at once.”

69. The attack on Jerusalem's King David Hotel July 22, 1946 by the underground Jewish group Irgun led, by Menachem Begin, was by far the most extraordinary terrorist act against British authority in Palestine, both for number of casualties and for its political significance. 91 people were killed by this cowardly attack committed by the Jewish Zionist terrorist group led by former prime minister of Israel Menachem Begin.

70. "All my thinking says.... Romney BIG" -Rush Limbuagh. And he is the smartest among YOU rednecks..... The other smartest republican SC JC John Roberts sided with Obama-Cares.

71. "All... religions show the same disparity between belief and practice, and each is safe till it tries to exclude the rest."

72. Wow... '942' Steps BACK for peace in the Middle East....and between Israel and the Palestinians!!
 
PG
 NYC

73. I don't believe in western morality, i.e.
 don't kill civilians or children,
 don't destroy holy sites,
 don't fight during holiday seasons,
 don't bomb cemeteries,
 don't shoot until they shoot first because it is immoral.
 
74. The only way to fight a moral war is the Jewish way:
 Destroy their holy sites. Kill men, women and children (and cattle).
 
-- Chabad Lubavitch Rabbi Manis Friedman
 Moment Magazine (May/June 2009). "Ask The Rabbi"

75. “You can have peace. Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having both at once.”

76. Condescending twerps like these lying zio shysters only serve to convince people holding contrary views that they are right. They make it clear that they must have the last word. Maybe it’s some childish need in them, or an insecurity, I don’t know, but it sure is tiring. I guess its done to wear everyone down so they finally stop reacting to their baited condescensions, and that way they prove they are right, in their irrational minds, of course, not in anyone else’s.

77. Don't worry folks, US is at the end of their rope, Israelis comfy days are coming....................

78. "The world is not to be put in order; the world is order, incarnate. It is for us to harmonize with this order"

“I love a hand that meets my own with a grasp that causes some sensation.”

79. Also during the Six Day War, Israel attacked a US Navy ship, the USS Liberty, killing and injuring over 200 American servicemen. President Lyndon Johnson recalled rescue flights, saying that he did not want to "embarrass an ally." (In 2004 a high-level commission chaired by Admiral Thomas Moorer, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, found this attack to be “an act of war against the United States,” a fact few news media have reported.)

80. it is significant to note that Arab armies entered the conflict only after Zionist forces had committed 16 massacres, including the grisly massacre of over 100 men, women, and children at Deir Yassin. Future Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin, head of one of the Jewish terrorist groups, described this as “splendid,” and stated: “As in Deir Yassin, so everywhere, we will attack and smite the enemy. God, God, Thou has chosen us for conquest.” Zionist forces committed 33 massacres altogether.

81. mohammedans would love to take over the sane world and take it to lala land where they reside but Israel disagrees.
 
Merry Christmas!

82. Now since the PA Abbas got favorite nation from the un the Oslo Accords are null and void. Muslims leaders will do anything to hurt their countrymen if it means they might destroy the Jewish Nation of Israel.

83. innocent civilians. It is not apartheid to take reasonable steps to prevent genocidal maniacs from attempting to carry out their published goals.

84. My fellow Americans..
 Ask NOT what you can do for Israel..
 But ask what you can do for America.

85. Israel - Tear down the Apartheid wall.
 
Israel - End the occupation of Palestine.

86. RT reports the number at 1200 Hmmm who to believe?? The A/P who supports Terrorism in Syria?? Or a fake US run news outlet that pretends to be from / about Russia? Maybe I'll just take the average of the 2-- Or just not give a sh_t [I'm pretty sure I just won't care]

87. so what fanciful story does the #$%$ try to convince people of, oh yeah, the easter bunny said all the land was their's, no, no it was the tooth fairy that's it, oh don't forget, they are the chosen people as well. if you don't believe all this, just ask a #$%$ when he starts building a house in your backyard.

88. Just a little reminder to whom may not know or remember. It was the Arab countries which attacked Israel in 1967 and 1974 with a clear goal of annihilation. Israel was defending itself and, as often in the wars, acquired a territory from the aggressors. It later gave up most of it, though Sinai and Gaza. But kept strategic parcels, key to security, such as Golans.

89. The J3ws tried to Crucify Santa to for his giving spirit that is why he hides in the North Pole!

90. In a Friday sermon (khutba) broadcast by official Palestinian Authority television on May 13, 2005, Sheik Ibrahim Mudeiris told the Muslim brothers that one day Islam will rule America, Britain, and the entire world—and wipe out the Jews.

91. - Ayman al-Zawahiri spoke clearly regarding the Muslim agenda of world conquest and the true meaning of JIHAD: 

92. “The war with Israel is not about a treaty, a cease-fire agreement, Sykes-Picot borders, national zeal, or disputed borders. It is rather a jihad for the sake of God until the religion of God is established. It is jihad for the liberation of Palestine, all Palestine, as well as every land that was a home for Islam, from Andalusia [Spain] to Iraq. The whole world is an open field for us.”

93. @ForFreedom, so your argument goes like this: since Jews didn't claim 77% of Palestine in 1922, then that 77% of Palestine wasn't part of Palestine?

94.  "It must not be forgotten that the Arab Higher Committee encouraged the refugees' flight from their homes in Jaffa, Haifa, and Jerusalem."
 - Near East Arabic Broadcasting Station, Cyprus, April 3, 1949

95. Rewrite that headline..
 Israel to Build 942 Homes on Stolen Land

96. Why we have terrorism: 
“You have to remember that 90 percent of children two years old or more have experienced — some many, many times — the [Israeli] army breaking into the home, beating relatives, destroying things. Many were beaten themselves, had bones broken, were shot, tear gassed, or had these things happen to siblings and neighbors...The emotional aspect of the child is affected by the [lack of] security. He needs to feel safe. We see the consequences later if he does not. In our research, we have found that children who are exposed to trauma tend to be more extreme in their behaviors and, later, in their political beliefs.” Dr Samir Quota, director of research for the Gaza Community Mental Health Programme, quoted in “The Journal of Palestine Studies,” Summer 1996, p.84

97. Iwould love is Navy Seal team 6 would take down bibi Now that would be a great christmas present for the world

98. The Jewish bankers here in America are taking people land and homes by foreclising over there they are taking it with a gun.

99. Thank you, Palestine,
 
Thank you for stealing billions of dollars of American contributions that are taken by Palestinian executives for personal enrichment, instead of improving the lives of Palestinians.
 
Thank you for perpetuating the war by refusing to revoke your charters that call for the destruction of Israel and ethnic cleansing of Jews.
 
Thank you for the staged atrocities that you produce with actors to deceive the world, such as the Jenin hoax.
 
Thank you for killing American civilians and military personnel.
 
Thank you for making crucifixion legal. 

Thank you for teaching your children to be martyrs and to want to kill Jews and Americans. 

Thank you for naming schools and summer camps after known terrorists.
 
Thank you for hijacking airplanes and luxury cruise ships.
 
Thank you for driving Christians out of the holy land through persecution.
 
Thank you for refusing to stop armed hostilities against Israel civilians.
 
Thank you for refusing to announce to the Muslim world that you wish for peace, including the cessation of hostilities by Hamas, Fatah, Hezbollah, Al Qaeda, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and all other factions that carry out hostilities against Jews.
 
Thank you for using children as combatants.
 
Thank you for paying monthly salaries to the more than 6,000 Palestinians in Israeli prisons who have carried out attacks on Israel. 

Thank you for refusing to make peace.

100. If their fellow arabs (islams) gave a #$%$ about the palestinians, they would let them work, live, become citizens, get visas, in their countries. But since their fellow arabs (islams) don't give a #$%$ about them, none of those things happen. Not once in 45 years have any fellow arab (islam) counties lent a hand or any kind of assistance/aid to the palestinians. Israel is NOT who you should be mad at. Idiots.

101. The Grinch had to be a T@LMUDIC J3W he looks like Neuteredyahu's twin!!!!!!!
 They have the same mentality and mannerisms.......

salaam,
 Olive Garden Earths Gearth gains raw bounty DAILY from Gearth of Black Curtain of Olive Al Husna slowly

102. salaam
 Money reproduction was to be ahead of black curtain Daily

103. In 1947, the United Nations partitioned Historic Palestine, giving 55% to the Jewish population and 45% to the Palestinian population. The Palestinians rejected the division of the land on which they had lived and farmed for centuries. At the time of partition, the Jewish population owned less than 6% of Palestine.

104. Maria, Rockefeller is also part of the Federal Reserve. Rockefeller is not J3wish. 

105. But why do megarich Muslims allow Palestine to languish in poverty?

106. [Sing to the tune of Ghost Riders in the Sky]

 J3whaters in the Sky

 Is there anything in life 
That means a thing to you? 
Or is your whole entire life 
About hating the J3w? 
Do you have a purpose and 
A source of self-esteem? 
Or is the daily hatefest here 
The answer to your dream?

 Yippee kaiayyyyyyyyy
 Yippee kaiyoooooooooooooo
 J3whaters in the skyyyyyyyyyy
 Yippee kaiayyyyyyyyy
 Yippee kaiyoooooooooooooo
 J3whaters in the skyyyyyyyyyy

 Muslims can be saved as well -
It happens every day,
 But those who love to curse the J3ws,
 Will all be swept away
 Look at Yasser Arafat
 And Hugo Chavez, too:
 You don’t want to end up like that 
Just for cursing J3ws

 Yippee kaiayyyyyyyyy
 Yippee kaiyoooooooooooooo
 J3whaters in the skyyyyyyyyyy
 Yippee kaiayyyyyyyyy
 Yippee kaiyoooooooooooooo
 J3whaters in the skyyyyyyyyyy

 The day will come when you will see
 What God had on his mind
 And why He blessed all Israel
 As part of his design
 But you will see it from below 
To where you’ll have been sent
 Because you have cursed Israel
 And refuse to repent

 Yippee kaiayyyyyyyyy
 Yippee kaiyoooooooooooooo
 J3whaters in the skyyyyyyyyyy
 Yippee kaiayyyyyyyyy
 Yippee kaiyoooooooooooooo
 J3whaters in the skyyyyyyyyyy

107. Imagine if a Christian or Muslim group had a celebration in the White House about preventing Jews from assimilating in Gentile society! Yet Hanukkah is a celebration of Jewish military victory and the maintenance of Jewish racial purity! Yet the now annual lighting of a massive menorah in front of the White House has now taken place: this, the same White House where it is forbidden to erect a cross,...

108. I think most people don't even know that the land on which the Muslims want to create ANOTHER Muslim state in Palestine is only 18 miles wide from Jerusalem to Jordan, the 1st Muslim state in Palestine.

109. Juancito os lying. I have never seen anyone claim what Juancito nows says they have claimed.

110. The city now called Jerusalem has been the capital of Israel sfor 3,000 years. Befor that it was the capital of the Jebusites.

111. Resolution 446: determines that Israeli settlements are a serious obstruction to peace and calls on Israel to abide by the Fourth Geneva Convention

Resolution 450: calls on Israel to stop attacking Lebanon.
 
Resolution 452: calls on Israel to cease building settlements in occupied territories.

Resolution 467: strongly deplores Israel's military intervention in Lebanon.
 
Resolution 468: calls on Israel to rescind illegal expulsions of two Palestinian mayors and a judge and to facilitate their return.

Resolution 465: deplores Israel's settlements and asks all member states not to assist its settlements program.

112. It was called the land of Canaan, even though Canaan (a Hamitic people) was the interloper in Semitic land. Abraham inherited the land and the Jews inherited it from their father Abraham. Just because a pedophile murderer fabricated a new religion doesn't revoke one's inheritance and pass it over to a bunch of savages.

113. "Mark ? Why does AIPAC take $15,000,000,000 annually from US taxpayers, while US taxpayers go Broke?"
 
------ The garbage posted above is a LIE. Merry Christmas !

114. In 1947, Mandatory Palestine was split into two states: one for the Muslims, Jordan, which takes up the 3/4 of Palestine east of the Jordan river, and the other for the Jews, Israel, which takes up the 1/4 of Palestine west of the Jordan river.

115. ? Why should there be any settlers at all in Palestine is the question? It is understood that a small piece of land was given to the Zionists to house displaced Jewish people from WWII. That was over 60 years ago. So why are Jews removed three generations from WWII being given free land, homes, welfare checks, and other amenities by USA taxpayers? No other people on the planet are given a "free lunch" for no reason. Why do the taxpayers in the USA tolerate this giant rip off? For me, this business called the state of Israel is finished...I can’t bear to see it anymore, the injustice that is done to the Arabs, to the Beduins. All kinds of #$%$ coming from America and as soon as they get off the plane taking over lands in the territories and claiming it for their own...I can’t do anything to change it. I can only go away and let the whole lot go to hell without me.” Israeli actress (and household name) Rivka Mitchell, quoted in Israeli peace movement periodical, “The Other Israel”, August 1998.

116. Where is the article on how Christians have become almost extinct in the middle east? Apparently, ethnic cleansing is ok if the right religion is being cleansed [exterminated].

117. israel's hypocrites..they steal Palestinian land ..bulldoze their homes..torch their orchards..set their livestock on fire..steal their water resources.. destroy their wells..set fire to mosques..deface their graveyards..then call Palestinians "terrorists" when they fight back...They have EVERY legal and moral right to fight back..

118. When the Palestinians elected the thugs of Hamas to represent them as their government, they proved to the world that they are just another tribe of thugs and terrorists.

119. ON MARCH 24 1933 on the front page of the London Daily Express, appeared the headline: Judea Declares War On Germany: Jews Of All The World Unite. The headline followed with:
 
120. “The Israelite people of the world declare an economic war on Germany. It is not sufficient that we should buy no goods made in Germany. We must refuse to deal with any shopkeeper who sells any German-made goods. What we are proposing is to bring the German people to their senses by destroying their export trade on which their very existence depends”

121. May of 1970 Perle passing secrets to Israel during Kissinger and Nixon term

122. August 1985 Israeli American scientist arrested for stealing 800 nuclear weapons triggers from America and sending them to Israel

123. The apartheid Zionist welfare state of Israel has been exempt for obeying International or any other law since their brutal inception. Washington DC is totally controlled by Zionism and has vetoed over 60 attempts of the UN to stop the Zionist human rights violations in the Middle East for over 50 years. Both Nazis and Zionist believe they are the "master race" and their actions are ordained by God himself.

124. Dear fellow Americans, this is why the rest of the world hates us. We give Israel billions of dollars and unlimited use of our veto power at the UN.

mohammedans are given to exaggerations, taqqyia, lies and whining.
 The rest of us will have some eggnog and pie.
 
Merry Christmas !

125. Muslims have already accepted Israel as a nation. Only the Palestinians are in the way of Middle East peace. It's time to deport all Palestinians to whatever country will have them. Most Arab countries could care less if Israel exists.

126. Really not a good plan, but noone seems ready to step to the plate and get them to stop. Peace gets further away every day.
