WEBSTER, N.Y. (AP) — 
1. The ex-con turned sniper who killed two firefighters wanted to make sure his goodbye note was legible, typing out his desire to "do what I like doing best, killing people" before setting the house where he lived with his sister ablaze, police said.
 2. Police Chief Gerald Pickering said Tuesday that the 62-year-old loner, William Spengler, brought plenty of ammunition with him for three weapons including a military-style assault rifle as he set out on a quest to burn down his neighborhood just before sunrise on Christmas Eve.
 3. And when firefighters arrived to stop him, he unleashed a torrent of bullets, shattering the windshield of the fire truck that volunteer firefighter and police Lt. Michael Chiapperini, 43, drove to the scene. 
4. Fellow firefighter Tomasz Kaczowka, 19, who worked as a 911 dispatcher, was killed as well.
 5. Two other firefighters were struck by bullets, one in the pelvis and the other in the chest and knee. 
6. They remained hospitalized in stable condition and were expected to survive.
 7. On Tuesday, investigators found a body in the Spengler home, presumably that of the sister a neighbor said Spengler hated: 67-year-old Cheryl Spengler. Spengler's penchant for death had surfaced before. 
8. He served 17 years in prison for manslaughter in the 1980 hammer slaying of his grandmother.
 9. But his intent was unmistakable when he left his flaming home carrying a pump-action shotgun, a .38-caliber revolver and a .223-caliber semiautomatic Bushmaster rifle with flash suppression, the same make and caliber weapon used in the elementary school massacre in Newtown, Conn., that killed 26.
 10. "He was equipped to go to war, kill innocent people," the chief said of a felon who wasn't allowed to possess weapons because of his criminal past. It was not clear how he got them.
 11. The assault rifle was believed to be the weapon that struck down the firefighters. 
12. He then killed himself as seven houses burned on a sliver of land along Lake Ontario. 
13. His body was not found on a nearby beach until hours afterward.
 14. Residents of the suburban Rochester neighborhood who left their homes during the fire were allowed to return Tuesday. 
15. Police SWAT team members had used an armored vehicle to evacuate more than 30 residents.
 16. Spengler's motive was left unclear, Pickering said, even as authorities began analyzing a two- to three-page typewritten rambling note Spengler left behind.
 17. He declined to reveal the note's full content or say where it was found.
18.  He read only one chilling line: "I still have to get ready to see how much of the neighborhood I can burn down, and do what I like doing best, killing people."
 19. Pickering added: "There was some rambling in there and some intelligence we need to follow up on."
 20. It remained unknown what set Spengler off but a next-door neighbor, Roger Vercruysse, noted that he loved his mother, Arline, who died in October after living in the house in a neighborhood of seasonal and year-round homes across the road from a lakeshore popular with recreational boaters.
 21. Pickering said it was unclear whether the person believed to be Spengler's sister died before or during the fire.
 
22. "It was a raging inferno in there," Pickering said.
 23. As Pickering described it and as emergency radio communications on the scene showed, the heavily armed Spengler took a position behind a small hill by the house as four firefighters arrived after 5:30 a.m. to extinguish the fire: two on a fire truck; two in their own vehicles.
 24. Several firefighters went beneath the truck to shield themselves as an off-duty police officer who came to the scene pulled his vehicle alongside the truck to try to shield them, authorities said.
 25. The first police officer who arrived chased and exchanged shots with Spengler, recounting it later over his police radio.
 26. "I could see the muzzle blasts comin' at me. ... I fired four shots at him. I thought he went down," the officer said.
 27. At another point, he said: "I don't know if I hit him or not. 
28. He's by a tree. ... 
29. He was movin' eastbound on the berm when I was firing shots." 
30. Pickering portrayed the officer as a hero who saved many lives.
 31. The audio posted on the website RadioReference.com also has someone reporting "firefighters are down" and saying "got to be rifle or shotgun — high-powered ... semi or fully auto."
 32. Spengler had been charged with murder in his grandmother's death but pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of manslaughter, apparently to spare his family a trial
33. After he was freed from prison, Spengler had lived a quiet life on Lake Road on a narrow peninsula where Irondequoit Bay meets Lake Ontario.
 34. That ended when he left his burning home Monday morning, armed with his weapons, a lot of ammunition and a measure of hate.
 35. "I'm not sure we'll ever know what was going through his mind," Pickering said.
 36. Services were set for the two Rochester-area volunteer firefighters. 
37. Calling hours will be held at Webster Schroeder High School on Friday and Saturday. 
38. A funeral service for Chiapperini was scheduled for noon Sunday at the high school, with burial in West Webster Cemetery.
 39. A funeral Mass for Kaczowka will be held at 10 a.m. Monday at St. Stanislaus Church in Rochester. 
40. Burial will be at Holy Sepulchre Cemetery in Rochester.
 
___
 
41. Esch reported from Albany. Associated Press writer Larry Neumeister in New York City also contributed to this report.

Comments:
 1. .How do you let a guy that beats his 92 year old grandmother to death with hammer plead to a manslaughter charge? Prosecutors are so anxious to built a 100% guilty record they'll let a guy like this get away with murder, multiple times.

2. A convicted Felon with mental problems.
 
Being a convicted Felon made ownership of any firearm illegal.
 The law did not work.
 
3. If he had ever been involuntarily committed to a mental health facility, he could not legally buy a weapon. 
If he lied on the FBATF application is was a felony. 
The Law and backgrounds check did not work. 
WHY?
 
4. Who was monitoring him? 
If not WHY?

5. How does a guy get only manslaughter for beating his grandmother to death with a hammer? Then the guy gets out of prison and kills more people. Go figure..

6. He should have never been let out of prison in the first place. If he loves killing people, how was he freed at all? More blood on the hands of our glorious justice system.
 
7. Better go get that pot dealer and lock him up for 100 years, let all the killers loose. That seems to be how our prison system works

8. Why was this guy not put to death in 1980. 17 years of 3 hot meals a day and a roof over his head at tax payer expence just so he can prove to the world that he should have been put to death in 1980

9. This is why you DON'T let a person who killed their grandmother with a hammer run free after serving only 17 years !
 
10. I blame the judicial system !

11. He beat his Grandmother to death with a hammer, the Government let him plead guilty to a lesser charge, then paroled him. Sounds to me like the Government is guilty of causing these people to die. People who kill their Grandmother with a hammer have no place in society.

12. The unending failure of the criminal justice system. When you beat your 92 year old grandmother to death with a hammer you leave prison in a pine box with a rope around your neck.

13. Who ever set this person free should be equally held responsible and put in prison! Criminals get more freedom than good people do thanks to judges and lawyers!

 14.He beats his grandmother to death with a hammer, gets out of prison, acquired guns illegally in a state where gun ownership is difficult at best, and this is the guns fault? The system failed the public many times. This guy should have died in prison.

15. This crime should never have happened. After he murdered his Grand Mother and was found guilty he should have been been executed. Enough of this #$%$ about mental this or that. You murder, you get the death penalty. And by the way, why is that piece of #$%$ that shot the bunch of U.S.Army troops still alive and why is the creep that murdered the people in the movie theatre in Illinois still alive???? SMOKING GUN; NO TRIAL. U.S.Justice system, laughable!!!!!

16. OK the problem here was him not being sentenced to death in the first slaying of his grandmother. 

17. Note, he did that without a gun.

18. Should have put him down like the rabid dog he was the FIRST time he killed someone and there wouldn't be a need to shed tears now.

19. She sold the house & was closing. He killed her burned the house & made sure no one could respond to put it out. The man was crazy this isn't a gun issue it's a crime & punishment issue. You kill your Grandmother with a hammer you should NEVER get out of jail. You want to blame someone don't blame the NRA blame whoever let him out, save your politicizing for a situation where it fits.

20. how the hell do you just get 17 years for beatin' your grandmother to death with a hammer?

21. He was living proof why Cold blooded killers should be shot on sight and never be allowed to breath free air again if in prision. why do some think people can change if your a killer you will kill till your killed or die of old age.

22. Excuse me, but someone who kills his grandmother with a hammer doesn't ever need to be free again. We probably let him go so we could jail a pot smoker.

23. Instead of standing up and trying to change the insane laws that let this sicko out in the first place, most of you are worried about having your assault weapons taken away from you. This man should have never been charged with manslaughter. He should have been charged with first degree murder and should have been given the death sentence or life without parole. Our courts failed everyone and now we have more innocent people dead. This happens quite often. Look how many murderers, rapist and pedophiles walk around free while we live in fear.

24. To all the gun control activists out there, lets take this into consideration:
 A convicted felon, in NY not supposed to be able to own firearms.
 A psycopath who beat his grandmother to death with a sledgehammer and gets out of prison 17 years after the crime (instead of getting the death penalty, like he should have).
 No gun control law would have even slowed this man down, he was bent on killing, had the weapons illegally, and obviously intended to commit an evil crime.
 These types of people, second offenders of violent and evil crimes are let go from our overcrowded criminal facilities. We worry too much about the rights of the criminals instead of the protection of the innocents.
 Let's bring death back to those who kill with intent, tighten the laws up so pieces of garbage like this are never back on the streets again, and are not a burden on the rest of society.
 Our justice system has become one sided. The idea of having a system of laws and punishments is not just for the protection of the guilty, it is also for the revenge of the victims. That is what justice once was: an eye for an eye, a hand for a hand. 
I'm all for protecting the rights of those falsely accused, but when the evidence is overwhelming, quit the plea bargaining out of expediency. Convict and sentence those who have committed violent acts, put to death those who commit these atrocitites and stop trying to "rehabilitate" evil. Let's bring justice back to the judicial system.

25. Should have been executed back in 1980. Weakness causes more tragedy.

26. The guy killed his grandmother WITH A HAMMER! If he had been executed back in 1980, LIKE HE DESERVED, those firefighters could have been home for Christmas, huh? Stupid liberals and their stupid liberalism are destroying this country more every day!

27. Stop saying "he lived a quiet life"!!! He slaughtered his grandmother and was paroled instead of executed himself, then to "thank" society for the idiocy of that move, he then murdered even more people (GOOD people), after acquiring weapons. So stop saying he lived a "quiet" life!! He is the prime example of what needs fixing in this country: enforce laws that are already on the books, instead of worrying about passing even more! Fix what is already broken!!! Send people like this to the death chamber. Period. Parole?.....my God.

28. Our government is a joke this guy should have gotten capital punishment! Of course we are talking about NY a state that has never in it's history put anyone to death for their crimes against humanity!

29. Meanwhile people are being locked up in prison for having weed so to make room for those evil doers, they set free a man who beat his gramma to death with a freaking Hammer??? Why was he walking free in the first place???

30. I believe the prosecutors who cut a plea bargain deal to let this guy off with a manslaughter charge instead of a first degree murder charge bear a lot of the responsibility for this nutcase to be turned loose on society. Killed his grandmother with a hammer. How sick is that? Those who commit violent murders should never see the light of day.

31. ".223-caliber semiautomatic Bushmaster rifle with flash suppression" Do they just add these terms to make it sound more evil and deadly? I doubt the reporter even knows what he is writing..

32. News media doesn't seem too interested in this case because it sheds more light on the fact that we have a crazy problem, not a gun problem.

33. I'd like to know how he got the guns. More than likely stolen eons ago and passed from one low life to the next...

34. I thought ex-felons weren't allowed to own firearms. How about enforcing existing laws before writing new ones!?

35. He broke every gun law on the books . You can have a thousand gun laws , but you cant stop Crazy !!!!!!! Why was he out ????? Next , a ban on hammers !!!!!!!

36. When the government takes the guns from the law abiding citizens, the only people that will have guns, will be the criminals. ;)
 
37. Seems like criminals never have problems getting guns....... even in gun restricted zones. (Check the gun laws in Chicago, against the gun violence in Chicago, then see the people committing the gun violence in Chicago)
 
;)

38. Well, well well. The shooter, a convicted murderer released by the authorities, broke ALL the gun laws on the books. His killing spree was interrupted by a good man with a gun. This incident clearly shows that all the laws were,in the end, useless, and only an armed response saved the lives of the remainder of his intended victims.

39. The sister lives with the brother that beat his grandma to death with a hammer...And they say the south is full of of inbreds.......

40. W ) T * F has this country come too????
 let a hammer murderer out of prison??? HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN EXECUTED and this whole scenario would not have occurred.....
 I am utterly disgusted by the now lowest level of #$%$ our country has become.... I hope we do devolve into anarchy... maybe then survival of the fittest could actually be allowed to occur and murdering swine like this guy would've been offed a long time ago.....
 I used to be a proud NYer.... but this socialist state has me all but fleeing now... if it wasn't for the scenic beauty that I deeply care about so much, I'dve been outta here years ago!

41. " the chief said of a felon who wasn't allowed to possess weapons because of his criminal past. It was not clear how he got them. Maybe this statement says it all. In other words, the bad guys, and the Govt will always have guns. I resent legislation to quell our inability to protect ourselves from these bad guys, no matter which weapon we desire to have. Law abiding citizens would never do this. You can not legislate "evil" our of a bad mans heart. No God = No soul = No morals = evil.

 42.Our legal system let a man loose upon this community who beat his own grandmother to death with a hammer. It was pretty obvious he had no respect for human life. He should never have been released.

43. wait a min, so the laws stated that he could not possess these weapons yet he did? How can that be, bans always work....

44. Should have never been let out...now his illegal activity is being used to demonize a particular type of gun by its appearance ..they describe particular traits of the rifle and none of the others...even though it was not an assault rifle they go as far as to point out that it was similar to one used in a completely unrelated event...pushing antigun political agenda...by tugging on heartstrings.

45. Who do we blame for these firefighters deaths?
 These men who put their lives on the line every time they responded to their neighbors call for help.
 Blame this one on the people of the Great State of New York.
 After he was convicted of murdering his grandmother by bashing her brains out with a hammer they did not give him the death penalty.
 To add insult to injury, the great state of New York let him out after 17 years.
 The blood of these two firefighters is on your hands.

46. I am a liberal mom of four. I own a gun for protection. I see alot of my fellow liberals saying more strict gun laws are the answer. But what law? How is this law going to stop the drug dealers that live in my neighborhood from getting guns? Or the people in my neighborhood who have mental problems, and aren't getting help? It is sad that the need to own a gun is there, but it IS there. And until it isn't there, I don't want any law to infringe on my right to protect my family. If there is a law that would make everyone safe, than I'm all for it, but I truly don't see it happening.

47. Killed people with a hammer and they let this guy out? That is messed up.

48. Have any of the anti-gun nuts ever given any thought to:
 
How does a 19 or 20 year old college kid get their beer? illegally.
 How does a drug addict get their cocaine? illegally.
 How do so many mexicans get into this country? illegally.
 
49. So doesn't it stand to reason how a convicted felon gets his weapons? illegally.
 The NRA does not advocate or support convicted felons obtaining and owning any weapon.

50. Why does the most advanced country in the world attract the most #$%$ up people in the world!?

51. Meanwhile, overnight in "gun free" Chicago
 CHICAGO (STMW) – One person was killed and 13 wounded in gun violence over the Christmas holiday, including an 11-year-old boy grazed by a bullet and a man who was shot to death during a dispute in the Englewood neighborhood.
 Joshua Davis, 18, was shot to death in the 2000 block of W. 69th Street — a few blocks from his home — after an altercation with several males on a CTA bus, according to the Cook County Medical Examiner’s office.The group followed Davis off the bus when one of the males pulled out a handgun and shot Davis several times in the torso and once in the ear about 11:30 p.m. Tuesday, authorities said.

How did a felon get his hands on these guns? It is illegal for an ex-con to purchase or own firearms. Another example of how criminals don't obey existing gun laws and why they wouldn't obey new ones either.

52. That federal gun law that prevents convicted felons from possessing firearms,
 . . really worked well.
 Glad we cleared up that gun control question.

53. If you are thinking of murder suicide, do the world a favor and do the suicide first.....

54. Amendment II (1791) 

A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.

 
Notice ... it is the right of the people ... not the Militia to keep and bear arms and it is this right that shalt not be infringed.

Yes, lets increase gun laws but let people that kill their grandmother with a hammer off with 17 years. That will do the trick! No one that commits a crime like that killing should ever walk the streets!!!

55. Congratulations and Happy Holidays New York (and our justice system in general)! Another murderer and insane person let out of prison to kill again. I hope those who let this guy get released are proud of themselves. After all, he paid his "debt" to society for killing his own grandmother, now let's give him another chance to kill someone else's family members. Nice job! When are we going to wake up?

56. I've not seen a single news article where ANYONE is demanding a review of the parole system. Only about "evil guns".

57. Execute anyone who sells a gun to any criminal, mentally ill or person otherwise unable to pass a background check.

58. From an sentence edited out of the Yahoo story from the actual AP site:
 
After he was freed from prison, Spengler — a felon who wasn't allowed to possess weapons — had lived a quiet life on Lake Road on a narrow peninsula where Irondequoit Bay meets Lake Ontario.
 
So a felon breaking the law. Interesting, and in a 'Blue State' again.

59. As out churches empty our prisons fill. These horrible events are not a result of gun laws, they are a result of creeping atheism and humanist morals infecting our culture like a cancer.

60. Police don't know how a convicted felon got the weapons ? Hint, in an alley. Hence why the boy's and girls in Washington can impose all the laws they want, if a crazy person wants weapons they will find them!

61. How did Trash like this get a Bushmaster plus other guns...? There are millions of people like this animal all over the Country !!!! I hope the FBI gets them all F....G Bastards

62. Too bad this guy wasn't sentenced to death! America is too nice to criminals,,,the bad guys are not worried about the consequences even if they get caught killing their own grandmother! We need to use the death penalty AS OFTEN AS POSSIBLE!!! and we need to do it quickly so they do not cost the system a lot of money,,,bugs like this don't deserve to breath, much less eat, or have any amount of money spent on them,,,a 22 bullet costs about 4 cents,,,,

63. I own guns and I keep them secured in a steel gun cabinet locked up away from kids and I make sure the keys are well hidden. I hunt during deer season because I love deer meat, it makes a good chili :). How this convict got his hand on weapons is your guess is as good as mine. But this should be a warning to those who value being safe and protecting their familys should raise awareness that if you give up your guns to the government you raise the probablity of very bad people or ex convits to be a threat to your family because you have no way to protect yourselves.

64. I still think he lied about why he killed his grandmother. He told them it began as an argument about her going down cellar, because he was worried for her safety. I think he killed her because he specifically didn't want her down there. I think he may have been using her cellar for other purposes. He wrote that he enjoyed killing people. I wonder what the stuff they won't release said. It's not like anyone's alive in his immediate family. Though I can't find any info on his father.

65. Why was this man allowed to roam free in society? He should have been put to death after bludgeting his grandmother to death.

66. Still think the death penalty is a bad idea? I think not! Had he been executed for the murder of his Grandmother these people would be alive today.

67. This would never have happened if you Liberals had just let us give him the chair 30 years ago like he deserved.

68. This has NOTHING TO DO WITH GUNS.This is the system failure 101.Some prosecutor,some bleading heart judge,some parole board,should ALL go up on murder charges.They killed these people just the same if they pulled the trigger.

69. Another example of how U.S. gun laws keep guns out of the hands of criminals.

70. Liberal anti gun nuts, my question to you is this, someone has broke into your house and you are now defenseless, would you rather be able to defend yourself or not?

71. NY State maintained a handgun ballistics ID database (COBIS) for 10 years. Earlier this year, the State discontinued the database because they solved zero crimes with it. Conclusion: Responsible gun owners don't commit crimes and criminals don't register guns.

72. I think the hammer smashing his grandmother's skull was a red flag that he wasn't a very good guy and wasn't safe to be on the streets. Maybe I am being too judgemental. Sigh

73. I liked the reporter on the Denver news, who left out out the name of this killer in his report, saying "...the man, whose name is not worth mentioning here...". We need more of this, so these sick devils get no recognition.

74. Blood is on the hands of each and every one of you DEATH PENALTY OPPONENTS.
 
75. He should have been executed for hammering his grandmother to death. He would have been "deterred" from committing this heinous crime.
 
76. You self-proclaimed "enlightened" and "civilized" opponents of capital punishment are anything but.

77. Well N.Y. you want more gun laws. You obiviously have more now than you can enforce. It was already illegal for him to have guns. You dont have the death penalty which would have solved this problem. How are all those laws working out for you. Protect those criminals. Well those laws got three working men killed.

78. It took a good guy with a gun to stop this idiot. That is the only way. He did not expect an off duty cops with a gun to show up right away.

79. Spengler should have been executed for murdering his grandmother.
 
80. The fireman would have been saved from death.

81. The Parole Board should be held accountable for releasing this murderer in the first place.

82. "He served 17 years in prison for manslaughter in the 1980 hammer slaying of his grandmother."
 
this is why murderers should just be put to death. It's not about setting an example to scare other would-be murderers, it's to prevent them from killing again. How in hell did a known murderer buy weapons to begin with?

83. First weapon of choice, hammer. Second weapon of choice, arson. Third weapon of choice, "a .223-caliber semiautomatic Bushmaster rifle with flash suppression," hmm? It is a violation of both State and Federal Gun Control Law for a Felon to posses a firearm.

84. to people who believe more gun laws are the answer, this dirtbag was a felon and it was unlawful for him to have a gun

85. Noah Webster, 1787:
 
"Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed, as they are in almost every kingdom in Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword, because the whole of the people are armed, and constitute a force superior to any band of regular troops."

86. the justice system failed to treat this guy seriously, after beating his grandmother to death with a hammer, and released him from prison to murder again. too bad our useless free press fails once again to place blame were it is most deserved.

87. oh he lead such a quiet life.... a murder charge for killing his grandma dropped to a lesser charge! How thoughtful.... What a nice gesture.... He didn't want his "family" to go through a trial. Such a sweet and quiet guy..... what an FN disgrace our justice system is.

88. Do we still think gun laws are the problem? This was an ex-con in a state with one of the most restrictive gun ownership laws, yet he got THREE guns! The problem is our morals and our culture. We have rejected God and if it feels good, do it. Read about the rise and fall of the Roman empire. Almost identical.

89. Why we have the NRA!
 After invading, Nazis used pre-war lists of gun owners to confiscate firearms, and many gun owners simply disappeared. Following confiscation, the Nazis were free to wreak their evil on the disarmed populace, such as on these helpless Jews from the Warsaw Ghetto. (National Archives Photo)

90. This coward didn't get these gun through a loop hole in the gun control laws ... he got them because he was willing to break the law that forbid him from owning or using guns.

91. This is why gun laws don't work...criminals don't abide by the law...he should have been in prison after beating his grandmother to death.

92. It's a discrace for the media to compare this crazy sob to the Conn. murders. This man should never have seen the light of day after killing his grandmother with a hammer. The story should be about the legal system that released this murderer not about what gun he used. Disgraceful.

93. I have a big problem here.. Where did a felon convicted of a violent crime in New York get a handgun (illegal for a felon to own), a pump action shotgun (also illegal), and a .223 Bushmaster (also illegal). Seems that New York with strict gun laws, go out of their way when it comes to known violent killers to get them guns.

94. The guy had a.38 cal pistol, a shotgun, and a semi-automatic .223 cal rifle. Not one of those guns is a fu(c)king military-style assault rifle. Police Chief Pickering is an ignorant a(s)s who is just copying the terminology the liberal media keeps perpetuating. A semi-automatic rifle is not an assault rifle, but the media and left wingers cannot (will not) get it straight.

 95. A military-style assault rifle commonly known as an M16 has a selected fire capability with a setting for full auto. No one can buy or own an M16 therefore assault rifles are already banned in America. An AR15 or a Bushmaster .223 cal semi-automatic rifle is not anymore an assault rifle than a Remington or Ruger or any other semi-automatic 22LR rifle. The only difference is the .223 cal is just a hair larger bullet than a 22LR round. A semi-automatic rifle cannot fire fully automatic unless a gunsmith or someone with knowledge of gun mechanics makes illegal changes to the gun. A semi-automatic rifle can only fire as fast as your finger will move and/or the gun mechanics will allow.

 96. Stop calling the da(m)n guns assault rifles just for the sake of your left wing anti-gun rhetoric.

97. If they introduced this animal to "old sparky" after he murdered his grandmother, we wouldn't be mourning two more deaths. Where are the bleeding heart psychiatrist, social worker(s) and parole board members that let him out?

98. Washington DC has some of the strictest gun laws in the USA, yet Meet the Press moderator David Gregory (and big time liberal) has no problem acquiring an illegal 30-magazine for an AR-15 to display on national television. So much for tough gun laws ...... think he'll be prosecuted for possessing one?

99. Everyone of these shooters in the last 20 years broke multiple laws before they even started their shooting rampages. Why do you gun banners think they wouldn't have broken 1 more?

100. One shot behind the courthouse after the 1980 trial would have prevented this tragedy.

101. Through long sort after released CIA documents we know that mind-control experiments are on-going. Project Montauk alone is said to have produced 250,000 Manchurian Candidates. MKULtra, and DARPA are a matter of record.
 
102. As far back as the 60's "triggers" that would make people that were programmed through hypnosis, perform deeds that were against their will, all by answering the phone and being told a code word or phrase, are well documented.
 
103. Why this rash of shootings, so well timed after the election? Is it to take heat off of Benghazi, and the fiscal cliff we're being shoved-off of?
 
104. I don't trust this government nor the media that supports it. I can see what they are doing. And I will expose it until they cut me down.

105. The founding farthers knew that the government would someday want to be all powerful. That is why they passed the Bill of Rights. All ten ammendments to the constitution were passed to limit the power of the federal govermnent.

"....carrying a pump-action shotgun..." the same make and caliber weapon used by hunters to kill ducks. More biased necrophiliac anti-gun rhetoric. A Yahoo way of life.

106. He served 17 years in prison for manslaughter in the 1980 hammer slaying of his grandmother.
 How do you get manslaughter when you kill a 92 year old woman WITH A HAMMER?

107. If a Republican doesn't like guns, he doesn't buy one. 
If a Democrat doesn't like guns, he wants all guns outlawed. 

If a Republican is a vegetarian, he doesn't eat meat. 
If a Democrat is a vegetarian, he wants all meat products banned for everyone. 

If a Republican is homosexual, he quietly leads his life. 
If a Democrat is homosexual, he demands legislated respect. 

If a Republican is down-and-out, he thinks about how to better his situation. 
A Democrat wonders who is going to take care of him. 

If a Republican doesn't like a talk show host, he switches channels. 
Democrats demand that those they don't like be shut down. 

If a Republican is a non-believer, he doesn't go to church. 
A Democrat non-believer wants any mention of God and religion silenced. 

If a Republican decides he needs health care, he goes about shopping for it, or may choose a job that provides it.

108. Too bad he wasn't taken alive and then had the families of the deceased beat him to death with a hammer

109. See what happens when you make deals with murderers, and get rid of the death penalty? 17 years for beating a woman to death with a hammer, that's the true crime.

110. Maybe if the Libs would quit slapping these murderers on the wrist and putting them back on the streets we law abiding citizens wouldn't need guns. Libs=FAIL.

111. Application of the death penalty back when he was convicted would have prevented this. The judge and state legislatures have blood on thier hands form this!!!!!!!

112. he murdered a family member with a hammer? and then was released from prison?

113. if your going to blame this on the guns then you need to blame the people that paroled this man also,

114. Before this man could compose such an evil plan,,he should have already been decomposing.

115. The law prohibited this man from having guns.
 If it was against the law, how is it possible that he had them?

116. "motive was left unclear".
 "I still have to get ready to see how much of the neighborhood I can burn down, and do what 
I like doing best, killing people."
 I am not a cop, but i would take a wild guess and say his motive was to see how much of the neighborhood he can burn down, and do what he liked doing best, killing people."
 another clue the police might want to consider is that he beat his grandmother to death with a hammer. studies have shown that people who beat their grandmothers to death with hammers like to kill people. police might want to consider the connection between the murders.

117. Why did he NOT GET LIFE FOR THE BRUTAL MURDER OF HIS GRANNY? Just another instance where the murderer was not where he was suppose to be....JAIL! And Adam Lanza should have been in the funny farm in my humble opinion!

118. In New York, 67% of murder victims are black, with 25% Hispanic and just 4% white. It's about drugs, dealers and the PERPETUATION of the victim mentality. This is what Obama perpetuates with his victim and entitlement speeches. NONE OF THESE PEOPLE ARE RESPONSIBLE for their lives.

119. Libs don't like saying anything bad about (and dealing harshly with) crazy sob's who kill and commit other heinous crimes ("they're human beings and must be treated fairly"), but boy those guns are absolutely horrible the way they run around and kill people. Pretty unbelievable.......

120. I am sure the press is not blaming the hammer or the villain when he brutally bashed the brains out of the grandmother, I will go as far as to say they probably are blaming the grandmother or maybe even the gun he used twenty years later.

121. "the chief said of a felon who wasn't allowed to possess weapons because of his criminal past"
 
Hey liberals, this dude didn't think much of your gun laws. I guess your gun laws don't work on criminals.

So why didn't NY gun control laws keep this (or anyother) ex-con from buying weapons?
 
Answer: Criminals don't obey laws ...

122. What? An armed individual is a hero that saved many lives? Isn't that what many people that are advocating for legal, law-abiding citizens to be allowed to carry firearms have bveen saying all along??
 
123. As I said previously, anyone who murders a family member, especially their grandmother with a hammer, should die in prison...preferrably by execution.

124. One more time; Folks. IF there is a Ban Tuesday on the sale of 30 round clips; that DOES NOT mean the Sheriff will be out Thursday to confiscate everything but your broken old sling-shot.

125. A convicted felon who committed a violent murder is released. The repeat offence rate is over 70%. The people responsible for his parole knew that. It was pretty certain that he would kill again. 
He did. Liberal response strip the law abiding citizens of their constitutional rights!
 If no guns existed anywhere on earth you could still be reasonably sure he would have killed again!

126. The American Justice system in a nutshell: A man who beats his defenseless 91 year old grandmother to death with a hammer serves far less time than somebody who is caught with 1 pound of marijuana in his trunk...

127. Just goes to show, make all the gun laws you want, and criminals will still get them.
 My sympathies to the family's of these courageous firefighters.

128. Just think at this rate one day you might have to use your legal weapon to protect one of these liberal aas holes from a crazy person...What a Bummer......................

129. The question is what sick justice system would let this evil animal out after killing his grandma by beating her to death with a hammer? This is another piece of the puzzle to fix these random murders. Who let him out or why wasn't he executed?

130. I'm glad he didn't kill his sister with a snow shovel..I need mine today....

131. The guy had a.38 cal pistol, a shotgun, and a semi-automatic .223 cal rifle. Not one of those guns is a fu(c)king military-style assault rifle. Police Chief Pickering is an ignorant a(s)s who is just copying the terminology the liberal media keeps perpetuating. A semi-automatic rifle is not an assault rifle, but the media and left wingers cannot (will not) get it straight.

 132. A military-style assault rifle commonly known as an M16 has a selected fire capability with a setting for full auto. No one can buy or own an M16 therefore assault rifles are already banned in America. An AR15 or a Bushmaster .223 cal semi-automatic rifle is not anymore an assault rifle than a Remington or Ruger or any other semi-automatic 22LR rifle. The only difference is the .223 cal is just a hair larger bullet than a 22LR round. A semi-automatic rifle cannot fire fully automatic unless a gunsmith or someone with knowledge of gun mechanics makes illegal changes to the gun. A semi-automatic rifle can only fire as fast as your finger will move and/or the gun mechanics will allow.

133.  Stop calling the da(m)n guns assault rifles just for the sake of your left wing anti-gun rhetoric.

134. convicted murderer on parole, what do you think would happen? but , let's talk about the gun type?

135. One thing is constant. The shooters never legally own the gun[s] they use.. That tells you that they will get them whether they are legal to own or not.


136. There you go, get his name and picture out there. Encourage some more people.

137. Imagine that! A felon with an AR 15...guess we need to ban them, that will show those convicted criminals!

138. If you ban this .223 because of it's power, then you will need to ban all deer rifles.

139. Firefighters who go in the "hood" to put out fires always have a police escort as the Obama voters will attack them as they attempt to save the homes of these vermin.

140. I thought we ALREADY had laws banning felons from even possessing firearms? My guess is that this guy broke over 45 different laws. Yet there appears to be those out there that say, "If we pass 1 or two more laws, this wouldn't happen." NOT.

141. so its manslaughter to kill your grandmother with a hammer? sounds like some prosecuter and judge are responsible for this act of violence!

142. The Night of the Broken Glass (Kristallnacht)--the infamous Nazi rampage against Germany's Jews--took place in November 1938. It was preceded by the confiscation of firearms from the Jewish victims. On Nov. 8, the New York Times reported from Berlin, "Berlin Police Head Announces 'Disarming' of Jews," explaining:
 The Berlin Police President, Count Wolf Heinrich von Helldorf, announced that as a result of a police activity in the last few weeks the entire Jewish population of Berlin had been "disarmed" with the confiscation of 2,569 hand weapons, 1,702 firearms and 20,000 rounds of ammunition. Any Jews still found in possession of weapons without valid licenses are threatened with the severest punishment.

143. What.....a fellon with a gun.....that's against the law......my goodness....shows that the bad people can have a weapon......think I will keep mine just in case a bad guy comes a calling...

144. See, someone (an off duty policeman) armed with a gun stopped this mad man before he killed even more people. We need more armed citizens, not less, cops can't be everywhere.

145. Well, he was a convicted felon so couldn't have gotten guns legally. Gee, I guess banning such guns won't stop a murderer from getting their hands on guns.

146. This guy is living proof of how our justice system has fallen apart. A convicted murderer is paroled back on the street. The Goverment is more concerned about the living conditions of these low lifes then the safety of the citizens. Put them in an Alcatraz type h e l l hole and throw away the key.

147. Where did these brutal gun murders take place ? New York State, no doubt one of the toughest gun control States in the U.S. If strict gun control doesn't work there where is it going to work ? This man was a convicted murderer why wasn't he still locked up ?

148. Since Obama is so hot to take our guns, maybe he should disarm the Secret Service bodyguards to set the example. Then, when there was trouble, he could just dial 911 and wait for the cops like the rest of us. (B. Gordo)

149. This man should NOT have been a free man after killing his grandmother with a hammer.
 You folks want tp debate WHAT could have prevented this?
 
150. A judicial system that kept him locked up instead of freeing him after only 17 years.

151. This guy murdered his Grandmother with a hammer, why was he permitted to see the light of day again? Either re-instate the death penalty and use it, or lock these criminals up forever.

152. He was not supposed to have a weapon, but did, there are millions of guns available, any idiot can find many. A ban would do nothing to change security.

153. My real question is, when did they stop teaching spelling in school? Damn some of you are bad

154. "He served 17 years in prison for manslaughter in the 1980 hammer slaying of his grandmother." - This is the problem - this monster killed his grandmother in 1980 and should have been put to death.

155. The day we eradicate all evil is the day we can have a total band on weapons. Until that time do not infringe on my right to defend myself from that evil.

156. How was this guy even out of prison...once again crazy people just gonna kill. Sounds like the criminal justice system failed..pleading to manslaughter..

157. The Manson Family used legally purchased knife's...........So did Jack the Ripper...

158. The problem here is not the firearms. He killed with a hammer before. The problem is that the system released a murderer back onto the streets so he could do it again. Release the pot heads and hold the murderers and rapists indefinitely.

159. His Grandma killed with a hammer, New York YOU NEED the DEATH penalty for people like this guy, no plea bargains!!!

160. Once again the gun control card is being played by the author. How did the ex-con get the weapons not legally , how can a law that bans guns work when a violent criminal obtains them illegally. Laws have to be obeyed for them to work. Laws written to prevent dangerous ex convicts from having guns really worked here didn't they. An assault gun ban would have been useless here just like the other laws that were broken. Lets pass some more laws that punish those that are obeying them to satisfy some liberal idiots that believe by passing a law criminals will ignore.

161. So banning guns will take them off the street?
 We should ban heroin and meth too!

humans breed, humans kill
 
but who allows known criminals back out onto the streets?
 
who leaves borders unchecked?
 
who wants to take guns away from good people?
 
THE DEMS THE LEFTISTS THE LIBERAL
 
THE SELF HATING RACISTS

162. Soft justice, hardens criminals. A murderer left out on a softer charge? How many like him are left out on reduced charges every year in the USA?

163. He only served 17 years for killing his grandmother with a hammer.
 What would it take to get a 34 year sentence?
 Kill--BOTH-- grandma and grandma with a hammer ?
 
164. Blame the judicial system for allowing this murderer to be walking free !

165. "a felon who wasn't allowed to possess weapons because of his criminal past", do you STILL think more restictive gun laws will make much of a difference? Criminals do not CARE about gun laws; they are CRIMINALS!

166. Every big city is more violent than old Tomestone or Dodge city was, back then the Sheriff deputized the towns citizens..were not far from that now.....

167. It amazes me at the people that have no knowledge of guns or the current laws are posting as such experts . I think if I see "autumatic weapon" one more time I am going to throttle my computer .

168. If he had been executed or at least kept in prison this would never have happened!

169. There are no convictions anymore, just plea deals. You raped a little girl? How about you plead guilty to improper backing and pay $25 and time already served.

170. Until liberals have their lives changed by an assault or rape or kidnapping (while they are complately helpless)they will not change their mind on guns. Only those of us who know what happens out there knwo that to be unarmed is insanity.

171. Ban all hammers. They are gateway weapons that lead to more serious weapons. Why doesn't our president do something about hammers and protect us?

172. WHY ARE WE NOT TALKING ABOUT THE PEOPLE WHO LET HEM OUT,OR MAKE SURE HE NEVER GOT OUT ,THEY ARE AT FAULT'''' HE KILLED HIS GRANDMOTHER WITH A HAMMER ''''

173. He was a felon. Why did he have weapons?Perpetrators of violent crimes should not have an eternal right of privacy and should have a surprise visit with a weapons check once in a while.

174. Two words." Fast & Furious" it's okay for Obamas government to supply weapons to cold blooded killers that kill children in Mexico.Eric Holder makes sure of it...

175. And the NRA says arm all of the fire fighters with automatic weapons. A hose in one hand and assault weapon in the other

176. Now is it the AR-15's fault? or the idiot legal system that charged this guy with manslaughter after beating his grandmother to death with a hammer, and released him from prison.

177. The real problem here is our failed system of justice. We can thank the bleeding heart libs for that. Here's a guy that already murdered his gramdmother in a most grotesque way beating her head in with a hammer. so ask yourself why this guy wasn't executed long ago for that murder? Because of the liberals making sure he got every one of his rights protected and then enabled him to kill again by taking real good care of him at our expense all those years and then making sure he got his freedom and was allowed to get back among us regular working stiffs. And while they'll fight tooth and nail for the rights of a monster like this, they'll jump at the chance to deny law abiding citizens their 2nd. amendment rights to self defense. Aren't you just about fed up with this leberal politically correct insanity? I am.

178. A convicted murderer is released from prison and commits murder. I guess no one saw that coming.

179. So exactly where has gun control laws worked ... NY ... Washington DC ... LA ... Chicago ...
 
Answer: Only LA (Lower Alabama) where if you pull a gun on someone ... someone else shoots you and everyone has control of their gun.

180. Call me silly but I thought it was ILLEGAL for felons to have guns, well certainly shows how a law will cetainly stop this type of activity. yep cetainly the piece of metals fault.
 
181. Convicted killer, pleaded shorter sentance, let out of jail, illegally possesed firearms and ammunition, killed again lets count how many laws successful laws kept this guy from killing.
 
182. looks like a whole lot of paper and ink that didnt change anything. However had they fried the bastard for the first killing the house would not have been set on fire and the firefighters families would have great pictures and memories instead of nightmares.

183. NY Gunman Who Shot Firemen Already Barred from Owning Guns 
While liberals on Twitter pointed at the shooting of four firefighters in upstate New York as evidence that more gun control is necessary, NBC News reports that the gunman, one William Spengler, was already banned from owning guns. 

184. Spengler served 17 years in prison for killing his grandmother with a hammer in 1980. He was convicted only of manslaughter, and was paroled in 1998. It seems that stronger sentencing for convicted murderers might be a more worthwhile goal of liberals seeking to prevent gun violence. 
Spengler shot the firefighters just before 6 a.m. ET in Webster, New York. He’d set the fire, then waited for the firefighters to show up before shooting them. “It does appear that it was a trap that was set,” said Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering. “People who get up in the middle of the night to fight fires, they don’t expect to get shot and killed.” Spengler shot himself. New York already has some of the most stringent gun laws in the nation. Felons, like Spengler, are already barred by law from owning guns according to federal law....

185. Criminals don't respond to laws unless there's a deterrant...60 yrs. ago we had very few execution's and killings because, depending on the state, you faced a not so appealing death by Electrocution, Hanging, Gasing or Firing Squad for killing anyone....

186. Here's an idea; when a parolee like this guy kills again, all of the parole board members who voted to let him out get charged as accessories to murder. Maybe then they'd think twice about exposing us to vermin like this.

187. With a semi-automatic hand gun the same damage can be done only adding 1.4 seconds between 10 round clips. Thats 12.6 second added per 90 rounds. An AK 14 is a semi-automatic rifle, the military don't use these at all. There guns are full auto...I guess by the liberal standard the Winchester rifle used in the old west was an assault weapon, at one time the Indians were better armed than the military, as a result of illegal gun-runners...

188. Doesn't New York have an assault weapons ban? How are these criminals getting assault weapons in states that ban them? Isn't it also a felony to transport them into the state as well? Isn't it already illegal to commit murder??? Isn't it already illegal for a convicted felon to possess any firearm or ammunition??Can someone answer these for me??

Patrick Henry:
 
189. "Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are ruined. The great object is that every man be armed. Everyone who is able may have a gun."

190. The same system that will protect us from bad guys with guns put this lunatic back on the streets to kill again. The only way to protect ourselves is the 2nd Amendment.

191. When I saw the headline they are still calling this murderer a "suspect". This is what has happened to this country and by turning over belief in Gods laws to money loving separation of "Gods word and state" lawyers backed by being "politically correct" psychology and psychiatrists. This went on steroids back in 1962 when the "supreme court" decided that they knew more than God and kicked His word out of schools and has been removing it as much as they can from our society. So, as the Bible teaches when you cast out God you invite the wrath of the devil, satan that rules the flesh. Notice that judges in the court system wear black, symbolizing darkness but in the Bible God as judging righteously is in all white symbolizing purity and true judgments. Jesus commanded to "judge righteously". Armageddon? The end coming? Yes, you are witnessing it...

192. well so much for gun control. I am kinda glad that a criminal was able to get a gun illegallly. Now some of these gun ban advocates can shut there mouth and look and see that criminals will get guns illegally and by taking our guns away would put alot of peoples lifes in Jeapardy. I think that non violent felons should be allowed to own guns also. They need to protect themselves to. Or they can get one illegally and anyway since they are considered one anyway. I will own guns illegally or legally regardless of a gun Law and I will have my copy of the Declaration of Independence along with me cause it says anyone can protect themselves. It dont say anything in it that says unless your a felon you cant own a gun

 193.he was let out because our judicial system sucks balls. He pleaded to a lesser charge to spare the "family" grief of a trial. Then this nut bag went to live a "quiet" life.. He certainly went out with a BANG. doing "what he loved to do, killing people"

194. imagine that! a criminal with a gun. how ever he obtained it you can be sure it was ileagal.

195. This guy is a prime example of how criminals will always find a way around the law. He couldn't legally own a gun, yet he still managed to get ahold of them.
 
196. The majority of modern-style firearms were first designed and manufactured in small machine shops, some even by former bicycle makers. Now that they've been mass-produced for generations, it will take almost no effort at all for criminals to copy and manufacture their own illegal firearms and large-capacity magazines and ammunition if you ban them. 

197. The axiom "If you outlaw guns, only outlaws will have guns" is not just a catchy comeback, but rather a cold, hard reality people need to comprehend. Just because you can't fathom how to run a simple machine-shop to manufacture weapons, don't think that criminals are equally as lazy or uninspired. Take a look at the elaborate underground tunnels and submarines the drug traffickers are using to smuggle illegal narcotics into this country. 

198. If you make something illegal which criminals truly want and need, they will find a way to acquire it, despite all your laws. And if you take guns out of the hands of law-abiding citizens, criminals will DEFINITELY make guns for themselves, since then they'll know their victims won't be armed.

199. For those of you boobs asking about gun control, why don't you ask his grandmother her opinion how guns affect people... Oh wait, nevermind !!!

200. What set this nut off? He smuggled a Pepsi in from Jersey that was over the 16oz. limit..
 Ban Sugar...................

201. No one has offered an explanation as to how a new gun control laws would have prevented these killings?

202. You anti-gun nuts are anti fighting a war against terrorists, and just anti war. What do you think would happen if the government tried to ban all guns? Do you truly believe the gun owners are just going to bend over backwards and hand over their guns? What do you think would happen for a second time in this country's history?

203. LIBERAL parole board let him out.......thanks libs....more BLOOD on your hands....

204. The family of the dead firefighter should sue the state and county, for the irresponsible actions of letting a known violent killer back into our society, when he should have been locked up.

205. “A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government.” – George Washington

206. This wouldn't have happened in the first place if you Liberals had just let us give this guy the chair 30 years ago like he deserved.

207. He only served 17 years in prison for committing the previous brutal murder. If he was still in prison or had been executed, then this would never have happened.

208. Since gun laws don't work, lets repeal them.
 Since speeding laws don't work, lets repeal them.
 Since theft laws don't work, lets repeal them.
 etc etc etc and so on.

209. This is the same thing black and hispanic neighborhoods have to deal with daily!! ACLU type Liberals release hardcore felons into their communities all the time!!!

210. The story I'm posting is by AWR Hawkins: Some interesting news has broken in the wake of the latest push for gun control by President Obama and Senate Democrats: Obama sends his kids to a school where armed guards are used as a matter of fact.
 
211. The school, Sidwell Friends School in Washington, DC, has 11 security officers and is seeking to hire a new police officer as we speak. 

212. If you dismiss this by saying, "Of course they have armed guards -- they get Secret Service protection," then you've missed the larger point. 

213. The larger point is that this is standard operating procedure for the school, period. And this is the reason people like NBC's David Gregory send their kids to Sidwell, they know their kids will be protected from the carnage that befell kids at a school where armed guards weren't used (and weren't even allowed).
 
214. Shame on President Obama for seeking more gun control and for trying to prevent the parents of other school children from doing what he has clearly done for his own. His children sit under the protection guns afford, while the children of regular Americans are sacrificed. 

215. I love how the Liberals are the biggest hypocrites around. We want gun control for everyone else, except for the people who guard us and our families. Typical Liberal stupidity.

216. Liberals are the problem, we are too soft on crimes because of them, consider if we had quick justice and citizens carried more guns then the perpetrators would think hard about committing crimes

217. He killed his 1st victim (his grandmother) with a hammer. A hammer is not as scary looking but she is just as dead. What the real focus of this story should be, is not what he killed with, but why was he out of prision in the first place.

218. If he had been executed or at least kept in prison this would never have happened!

219. Is it clear enough now that murderers should never ever be released from prison?

220. Gun control supporters like to say things like "this firepower wasn't available when the Second Amendment was written" and they are flat out wrong. An automatic weapon was presented to Congress in 1777. The Bill of Rights were not wrote until the 1780s.

221. Both sides agree that this idiot shouldn't have been on the streets. Both sides agree that this piece of sh** shouldn't have been able to get his hands on the guns he had. Both sides agree that people with mental problems need help so they aren't doing stuff like this. Both sides agree that the media goes too far with these stories. And I think both sides agree that violence in movies and games don't help either. America needs to start fixing the stuff we do agree on first. Without stepping all over our 1st and second amendments. Then we need to work together on the stuff we don't agree on. This problem can be, and needs to be fixed.

222. So....why did the libtards let a guy who murdered his grandmother with a hammer out of prison?

223. There are 310 million guns in this country with more being made every day.
 If you have the cash you like Springler, can get all you want.

224. Sorry '' we had to git him out of jail' to make room for all the dangerous pot smokers.'''

225. This guy should have been put to death after killing his grandmother with a hammer. How can a person like that be rehabilitated? 

226. And this makes a great argument for the death penalty for "innocent by reason of insanity".

and since he was a felon he should not "legally" had those guns.
 Remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.

227. Boy, I betcha the lawyer that got this psycho off from murdering his grandmother feels all warm and fuzzy..

228. If he had killed his grandmother with hammer in Texas, he would not be back on the streets in 17 years. New York live with this.

229. Blame here goes to the Judge, and Prosecutor who allowed this Nut to plea to a lesser charge. The fact that he was let out of jail is the reason these men of honor are dead. Talking about Gun Control, it is exactly what I've said before. The crazed people and those whose intent is to do harm will always find a way to get guns. INCARCERATE the SYSTEM that failed the rest of us.

230. Why do anti-gun liberals want to circumnavigate the US Constitutions to force their views on the rest of us? The might be suprised to see some compromise worked out if they would just try to follow the laws set down in the US Constitution instead of ignoring the very document their congressmen and president have sworn to uphold.

231. Why do we plaster this criminal's picture all over Yahoo? It is exactly what he wanted.

232. Can't believe the sister let him live with her. I suspect he killed her for the same reason he killed his grandmother, and then figured he might as well go out in a blaze of glory rather than go to the slammer again.

233. Hey PRAVDA un-media, LIST ALL DEM members of Congress that have CONCEAL CARRY PERMITS. Get ready- it's a LONG and near ALL INCLUSIVE LIST. Come on- you can do it. You can do it. Have some GUTS- PRINT SOME TRUTH. Oh, and list the ARSENAL that travels around with Dumbama, aka Stalin Jr- it's enough WEAPONS and FIREPOWER to level a city block in under 5 minutes. Guess what's good enough for the POLITBURO and their "special, ULTRA elitist" families MUST be BANNED from the "little people" surfs of this once FREE COUNTRY, eh?

234. WAKE UP PEOPLE!
 Its not about guns its about what will get the most media coverage.
 People that plan to kill will kill regardless. Using hammers, fire, rocks, knives or guns.
 We need better mental health care and to keep these lunatics in jail or follow through with lethal injection.

235. Why was this madman turned loose on society? It reminds me of the Jaycee Dugar kidnapping. The kidnapper/rapist was previuosly convicted of kidnapping and rape. He served a short sentence and was released. The arresting police officer testified that he was certain the kidnapper/rapist intended to kill the victim, based on evidence at the scene (a mini-storage unit converted into a torture chamber). A liberal judge gave a lenient sentence.

236. The Supreme Court has ruled in numerous cases the police have no responsibility
 to protect you and that self-protection is the responsibility of each individual.
 . . Act accordingly . .

237. Thanks to our liberal justice system this freak was only given manslaughter for murder with a hammer. When will liberals learn? Also this belive it or not had guns. No laws would hace stopped him. Because the laws already in place sure didn't stop him.

238. The public is yelling for stricter gun control but our judicial system leaves crapbags like this back on the streets are they murder someone. This country is f'd up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

239. NY State maintained a handgun ballistics ID database (COBIS) for 10 years. Earlier this year, the State discontinued the database because they solved zero crimes with it. Conclusion: Responsible gun owners don't commit crimes and criminals don't register guns.

240. How is a guy that admitted to kill his grandmother with a hammer allowed out of prison. He obviously had serious mental issues and wasn't suitable to live outside of jail. This guy should have been fried in the electric chair, not let out of prison.

241. A hypothetical murderer is caught on video and is guilty beyond a shadow of a doubt. The Democrat wants to lock up the murderer for 20 years with a possibility for parole. Then proceeds to spend tens of thousands of tax payer dollars analyzing his childhood trying to “rehabilitate” him. The murderer is eventually released and kills someone else. The Republican sees a murder and decides to lock him up for life with no chance or parole, so he can never harm another person ever again. Meanwhile the tax payer's must spend hundreds of thousands of dollars housing and feeding the murderer, paying for his healthcare for the remainder of his life. An Independent sees a murderer and makes sure he gets a fair trial. Upon reaching the verdict of guilty the murderer is taken away and humanely put down for about the price of a single bullet or six if you prefer a firing squad, with a total cost of around $5.00, sparing the tax payers and leaving one less evil SOB in the world. Problem solved - the end.

242. This evil maggot looks like any joe shmoe redneck that lives in a trailer park in my area of the world. I sure would like to know what god's plan have to do with what he did. That is if you believe that concept of a kindly, superstitious, omnipotent being who controls our destinies and fates. Trolls and haters are welcome to reply.

243. Murdered his grandmother and they let him out. Blame the people who let the #$%$ out

244. Someone needs to research their articles before print. It has come out publicly that the Sandy shooter had the .223 assault rife in the trunk of his car but only entered the school with 4 handguns. So it was not the same weapon that the Sandy killer used. Just more media to scare the masses into gun control instead of crazy control.

245. I for one am glad the Pentagon is holding our modern Muskets for us along with the instruction manuals. And I like how modern Ballot Boxes help us control our Government. Although.....sometimes lobbyists wanna take our freedoms if we aren't careful.

246. Arm everyone, or no one.
 
If you choose the latter, you'll be killed by those crazies that couldn't care less if you passed a law.
 
If you choose the former, you stand a good chance of surviving.
 
247. Being the gun itself is only a tool, you can trust it, only if you trust yourself. If you can't trust yourself with one, fine, those of us that can will protect you should some idiot try something.
 
248. But please, in the meantime don't infringe on our right to defend ourselves, and you, by demanding we all should give-up our guns. That is not going to happen. You will just have to learn to live with this reality.

249. A parole board with our governments finest reviewed this guy and determined he was no threat to society, yet the parole board isn't being scrutinized, hmmm

250. Hmmm...a criminal possessing guns even though he wasn't supposed to...imagine that!

251. The Pentagon has a great idea! Our Modern Muskets are waiting for us to be trained on if we are ever attacked again! And thanks to modern Ballot Boxes; WE can keep our Govt. under OUR control so they work for US! Besides; I don't believe that my AK is a match for one of our main battle tanks anyway.

252. so he hammered his grandmother to death.. and we LET HIM OUT OF JAIL!?? .. what a surprise he did this.. I mean wow!! NOT

253. So you're telling me that sick psychopaths can kill people without guns? They can use hammers to bludgeon little old ladies? It also looks like CRIMINALS break the law to get guns even though that's illegal? Wow.

254. I'm seeing a lot more attention lavished on his weaponry (a flash suppressor! oh my!) than I am on the fact that this guy only served 18 years for beating his grandmother to death with a hammer. But the media has its agenda (comprehensive gun control), and when they're presented with this sort of opportunity (such as it is), they're going to run with it.

255. Again, another example where the police did not save anyones lives, but showed up later to secure the crime sceen. The police do the best they can but you have to bear in mind they RESPOND to crimes, they don't PREVENT them. Only you can protect yourself, a cell phone is a false sense of security. That evil SOB never should have gotten out of prison, please blame the people who let him out for a change

256. Another example of the fact that there are some people tha are just evil in this life. He should not have been able to leave prison for what he did to his grandmother, how he was able to plead to such a lesser charge is something that needs to be looked into and it needs to be reported on as to who the people were in power to make such a decision and what their reasoning was behind it.
 
257. Folks criminals do not follow the law. Making more laws to charge people with after the fact is not going to do anything to stop them beforehand. When someone is evil and simply wants to harm, injure, and kill, they need to be removed from society to protect society. That is a fundamental obligation of the government, at all levels, to protect the people they govern. Get back to what the government should be doing and focus there.

258. Again, there's not too much information regarding the victims, but quite a bit (over and over) about the shooter. Do the victims have family? Children, wives, husbands, etc? Just another example of the media spotlighting the perpetrator and ignoring details of those who lost their lives to such a monster.

259. U>S> justice dept--- violent felons have a repeat offence rate of over 70%. If all guns were magically removed from the earth this man was still going to kill again.
 The libs on the parole board knows those statistics!

260. This thing beat his grandmther to death with a hammer.And he was let out of jail WHY?
 Whoever allowed this thing to be released should be charged with 3 count's of manslaughter.
 It's time to hold our legal system responsible for letting thing's like this back on the street maybe they would think about it.A child molester was released the week before thanks giving into my neighborhood surrounded by children after doing 16 years in the slam he will be mad at the world,and horney I wonder how long it will be before he strike's again!

261. Definition for Asault Rifle; 
Military firearm that is chambered for ammunition of reduced size or propellant charge and has the capacity to switch between semiautomatic and fully automatic fire. Light and portable, yet able to deliver a high volume of fire with reasonable accuracy at modern combat ranges of 1,000–1,600 ft (300–500 m), assault rifles have become the standard infantry weapon of modern armies.
 Anyone want to bet his weapon did not have full automatic abilities? One more thing anyone want to bet the left wing media does not have an agenda?

262. This POS should still be in jail for murdering his grandmother! Murder should be a death penalty, no questions asked!! I don't care how many gun laws we have, demons like this will always find a way to murder someone! America needs to toughen up on CRIME!

263. Police Chief Gerald Pickering,
 another person that does not know the difference between 
a military style assault weapon
 and a military assault rife.
 
264. This level of ignorance get old after a while.
 I can expect it from the anti-gun nutjobs,
 but a Police Chief should know better.

265. More MEDIA embellishment and glorification of murderers. This is their ambition and the media serves it up.
 
266. Sad story for the firefighters who risk their lives.

267. I love the comments in this poorly written article 
"He was equipped to go to war, kill innocent people," the chief said 

268. "the same make and caliber weapon used in the elementary school massacre in Newtown, Conn., that killed 26."
 
269. "He declined to reveal the note's full content or say where it was found. He read only one chilling line: "I still have to get ready to see how much of the neighborhood I can burn down, and do what I like doing best, killing people."
 
270. Really? Going to war with a .38 pistol and a shotgun? How many rounds did he have 10, 100 maybe a million? I know ALOT of people that have an AR15 and non of them ever shot anybody ... shouldn't this be included in the story instead of comparing it to the Conn shooting? The police chief couldn't tell us what's in the death note but was able to share 1 lousy line? How about we get the entire story for once so we can form our own opinions, even the stupid liberals would prefer that as opposed to the piece meal hand fed #$%$.

271. Blaming the NRA for this is like blaming AAA for all the idiots that text and drive or drink and drive.
