NEW YORK (Reuters) - 
1. Not so long ago, fracking was a technical term little known beyond the energy industry. 
2. Now it's coming to Hollywood, as the fierce battle between environmentalists and oil firms is played out in several forthcoming films.
 3. Hydraulic fracturing, the controversial drilling technique also known as fracking, has lifted U.S. energy output dramatically, despite warnings from critics who fear it pollutes water deep underground.
 4. Any shift in public opinion could impact policy - and huge sums in energy spending - since drilling regulations are under review by the Obama administration and local officials around the country. 
5. The high stakes involve a range of issues from U.S. energy independence, to protection of drinking water.
 6. Both sides are using movies to try to win the debate, though actor Matt Damon says viewers should not assume the movie he stars in, "Promised Land," is "a rabid anti-fracking polemic."
 7. In the film, Damon plays a gas company landman - an agent who buys or leases land - intent on drilling beneath a town where some residents are concerned about the perils of fracking.
8.  As the landman gets to know the townspeople, he suffers a crisis of conscience.
 9. In an interview in Los Angeles, Damon said he worries that viewers will wrongly assume the film is one-sided and not see it. 
10. He declined to offer his personal view on fracking. 
11. "That's not the point. The point is that (the film) should start a conversation."
 12. The Northern Irish director Phelim McAleer's documentary, "FrackNation," is an unabashedly pro-drilling mantra set to air next month on AXS TV, the cable network controlled by Dallas Mavericks owner and media mogul Mark Cuban.
 13. McAleer views fracking as "the best thing ever," a potential savior for the U.S. economy, unless the forces he likes to call "Big Enviro" succeed in derailing it.
 14. On the other side of the argument, HBO, the cable pay channel, could air a sequel to "Gasland," a scathing 2010 documentary from director Josh Fox, as early as next year.
 15. The original film featured scenes of tap water erupting into flames and mobilized environmental groups against fracking, drawing full-throated rebuttals from an oil industry that says the process has never caused water problems.
 
Fox declined comment for this article.
 
16. Amid the showdown, both industry and anti-fracking camps have mounted major campaigns to sway hearts and minds.
 17. "It could become the biggest environmental debate of our time," said Robert McNally, an energy policy expert and former White House adviser under George W. Bush. 
18. "Hollywood is taking notice, and the industry will have its work cut out for it to defend fracking."
 19. Nearly four out of ten Americans surveyed by the Pew Research Center early this year said they knew nothing about fracking. 
20. Other polls show most Americans familiar with the practice believe fracking offers economic benefits but requires tougher regulation.
 
21. This year, for the first time, U.S. online searches for the term "fracking" became more popular than "climate change," Google data showed. 
22. Fracking has doubled on Google's popularity index since last year, and while "global warming" still draws more hits, the gap is narrowing.
 23. Drinking water contamination is the leading environmental concern among Americans, according to Gallup polling data. 
24. A Bloomberg National Poll this month showed that 66 percent of Americans want more fracking regulation, up from 56 percent in September.
 
'POUNDING THE ZONE'
 
25. Whether "Promised Land" will shift public opinion is uncertain. 
26. But films with environmental themes often can, according to Joseph Cappella, a professor of communications at the University of Pennsylvania.
 27. Past examples include Al Gore's "An Inconvenient Truth" on climate change, and "Erin Brockovich," a dramatization of real events in which actress Julia Roberts played a legal clerk who uncovers water contamination by a California power company.
 28. Ahead of the release of "Promised Land," some within the oil industry are already reading the film's script online.
 29. "Look, I don't want to whistle past the graveyard. 
30. This film is going to be a challenge, and we'll just have to see how it does on opening weekend," said Chris Tucker of pro-drilling group Energy In Depth (EID), which is funded by industry. "
31. In terms of popularization of the issue, it will have an effect."
 32. The oil industry wants to avoid another blow like the one it took from Fox's 2010 "Gasland" film. 
33. Google search data shows online interest in fracking surged immediately afterwards.
 34. For three years, Tucker has been working with other communications experts, "pounding the zone with facts" to counter what he calls false claims in "Gasland" and to promote drilling.
 35. Films like "Promised Land" will get people curious and send them searching online, said Tucker, where he worries the term 'fracking' gets a bad rap. 
36. "People will go home and Google it, and the other side does really well on Google," he said.
 37. EID released its own pro-drilling film, "Truthland," this year, dubbing it "the factual alternative to Gasland."
 
LOSING PR BATTLE?
 
38. In some ways, the film blitz may be behind the times. 
39. Fracking has already come to dominate U.S. drilling over the last half-decade: Onshore rigs doing so-called unconventional drilling account for nearly two-thirds of the total.
 40. Tucker and industry officials are regulars at conferences, in newspaper op-ed articles, and on TV to defend drilling.
 
41. On the environmentalist side, Fox travels widely to lead anti-fracking rallies, sometimes rousing crowds by playing a banjo, which is also featured in the Gasland soundtrack. 
42. He has enlisted help from artists including Yoko Ono and Sean Lennon.
 43. "The lesson of 'Gasland' is that public perception is a very big part of the equation," said Jonathan Wood, a political risk analyst at London-based Control Risks, whose clients include oil companies.
 44. In a report this month, Wood wrote that the industry has "largely failed to appreciate social and political risks, and has repeatedly been caught off guard by the sophistication, speed and influence of anti-fracking activists."
 45. Hydraulic fracturing entails pumping water laced with chemicals and sand at high pressure into shale rock formations to break them up and unleash hydrocarbons.
 46. The minerals are trapped thousands of feet below water tables, but critics worry that fracking fluids or hydrocarbons can still leak into water tables from wells, or above ground. 
47. Among their other concerns: fracking-related earthquakes, and growing dependence on fossil fuels.
 48. The United States now rivals Russia as the world's top gas producer, in large part due to fracking, and has stemmed a long decline in oil output, which stands at an 18-year high near 7 million barrels a day.
 49. So far, the Obama administration has cautiously endorsed the new drilling, but the U.S. Department of Interior is working on new fracking rules on public lands starting next year.
 50. Some drillers have faced fracking-related fines for water contamination due to spilled fracking fluid. 
51. Last year, after sampling water in rural Pavillion, Wyoming, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) presented the first-ever U.S. government finding of a potential link between fracking and water contamination.
 52. More broadly, however, the EPA condones fracking on safety grounds. 
53. But unlike the growing consensus among climate scientists linking global warming and industrial activity, there is no consensus that fracking poses a danger. 
54. Unconventional drilling has surged only over the last half decade.
 55. The EPA will release an in-depth study on fracking's potential impacts on water supplies in 2014.
 56. Tough economic times can widen support for drilling. 
57. A national Gallup poll this year showed that more Americans favored prioritizing economic growth over the protection of the environment (49 percent versus 41 percent).
 58. That's a reversal from 2007, when 55 percent favored environmental protection.
 59. Cuban is betting the hot potato issue will draw viewers to "FrackNation" on his cable channel.
 60. "Op-Ed-umentaries like this are supposed to make people think about the topic, which is always a good thing," he said.
 
(Reporting By Joshua Schneyer and Edward McAllister in New York; Additional reporting by Zorianna Kit in Los Angeles; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)


Comments:
1. When Hollywood types (and politicians for that matter) stop jet setting all over the place, give up their Hummers, limos and SUVS and live in normal size homes, then I will listen. Until then, shut up.

2. They fail to mention that the movie was financed by the UNITED ARAB EMIRATES. That isn't a coincidence folks.

3. So Reuters leaves out one MAJOR piece of information from this "article". 

4. This film has been financed partly by Image Media Abu Dhabi, a subsidiary of Abu Dhabi Media which is soley owned and operated by the oil and natural gas rich United Arab Emirates which also happens to be a member of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) who will be impacted dramatically if the U.S. were to become energy independent.
 
5. They are throwing their wealth at anything that will try to paint the attempts by U.S. energy companies to become independent from the Middle East.
 
6. One last thing, Damon has made his position VERY CLEAR of Fracking. He is 100% against it and for him to act otherwise is disingenuous.

7. These same celebrities that are anti fossil fuel live in huge mansions with heated olympic size swiming pools and drive their gass guzzling sports cars or huge SUV's.Where do they think electricity comes from when their homes are lit up like a christmas tree?They preach to the rest of us about the evil of fossil fuel,but they do the opposite.Why does a celebritiy need a 30,000 sq.foot home or bigger?Can you say hypocrites.

8. Hollywood wants a cause? How about 70% of all minorities in inner cities being born to single mothers? How about the "gang" culture which IT helped create. How about black on black murder rate? How about mexico not taking care of its own poor and dumping them in the us? How about education? With wash. d.c. spending more per student than anywhere else in the us and most kids can't find wash d.c. on a map? How about the failure of the dept of education, spending hundreds of billions of dollars and NOTHING to show for it. How about how our national debt will affect people for generations to come?

9. hollywood need to know its place, they are over paid clowns that we pay to amuse us, not to give us moral, political, nor scientific advise.

10. I am sick of these rich #$%$ in Hollywood who use up more energy than any of us will in a lifetime in one week, telling us how bad this is and how bad that is. Stuff it.

11. Why should I ever listen to someone who pretends to be other people for a living

12. Your article should also have pointed out that "Promised Land" is partially financed out of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) which stand to lose billions of dollars if the US produces more of its own gas and oil.

13. It's a propogand film in part funded by Image Nation Abu Dhabi which is owned by Abu Dhabi Media - a state media company for the United Arab Emirates. The UAE, an OPEC member, is the world's third-largest oil exporter.
  
14. HmmmmIt would be in the UAE's best intrest for us not to frac in the USA

15. Oh thank God. Hollywood celeb's and billionairs have finally gotten into this discussion. We will finally know the truth about fracking. Because we all know how smart they are. Hahahah
 
16. These over paid idiots have more money than brains anyway.

17. If you were disciplined enough to boycott the fecal matter flowing out of Hollywood and into your eyes and ears, their idealogical well would run dry in a year or two. Just saying.... if you stop paying for their ideas, their ideas will instantly change.

18. What is the environmental footprint of the average successful celebrity? Shouldn't someone like Matt Damon who through his lifestyle causes about 8 times the environmental damage of the average American be arguing for fracking? House or houses? Car or cars? Stay at home or jet around? Bottled water or tap water? How about a film about the damage high energy prices cause? Businesses slowly failing and the resulting unemployment just doesn't seem to get Hollywood's attention.

19. I guess a movie about failed solar panels is out of the question?????????????

20. all i want to know is, why has hollywood become a political voice, and how many of these celebs have degrees or enough real world experiance to know what they are taking about????

21. Ain't it funny how things spin. Government moved to Hollywood Three Stooges moved to the Nations Capitol.

22. They are just promoting a movie. Take away fracking and the cost of fuel will climb dramatically. Fracking is slowly keeping foreign oil away as production here climbs, and provides hundreds of thousands of jobs. They might worry more about where everyone dumps their used vehicle oil, antifreeze, and standard household chemicals.

23. Just remember, these celebs wouldn't be in their position if we didn't go to see their movies, go to their games, concerts, etc....

24. It's bad enough that Hollywood continues to rip Americans off by charging over $10 a ticket for morally bankrupt movies it produces. But on top of that, Hollywood celebs continue to preach to us about moral and political issues in America. Instead of preaching to America about morality and social responsibility why don't they make movies that reflect those higher values and not the morally bankrupt films made in Hollywood today.

25. those Hollywood types park thier cars and start riding bikes i will then believe they are serious not to mention thier private planes , or maybe they just like sending billions to the Arabs

26. Truthfully, can anyone recall a Public Debate that made its way to Hollywood, not to be done with a Left Wing Slant?

27. My neighbor tests water all over the northeast in fracking zones. I asked him his opinion. He told me he has seen no evidence of fracking pollution anywhere, and he is very liberal.

28. Just because some idiot can read lines of a script doesn't make him/her an "expert" on ANYTHING. Most of these fools never even went to college or knowabout anything other than how to snort Coke.

29. These #$%$ idiots in sorrywood are experts on everything. I have started boycotting anything that come out of this a$$h0!e for the USA.

30. Hollywood: don't do fracking but meanwhile I'll be a hypocrite and waste energy. Hey hollywood? why do you allow people to come her illegally and suck benefits from true Americans? how about that cause?

31. On May 12, 2012, Will Smith -- a MAJOR Obama supporter -- was asked by a French reporter about taxes and Will's desire to have them increased under Obama.
 
Will Smith was informed by the reporter on national television that the rich in France pay 75%. Will Smith squirmed like nothing I've seen before and went on to say "Uhhh, yeah. That's different. Uhhh... God Bless America".
 
I've worked in the business for about 24 years. Hollywood Democrats are some of the most clueless, hypocritical people you will ever meet.
 
(The Will Smith interview can be found with a 2 second Google search)

32. I didn't read the article. Why? Because I, like the majority of people with a brain, do not care what celebrities think about ANYTHING!

33. Yeah it's like the Dixie Chicks "speakin' out" a few years ago about whatever. Who gives a damn?

34. This is our most abundant energy source. 
This will reduce our dependance on foriegn sources.
 All sources of energy are potentially dangerous to the environment. 
This is why energy companies are already regulated and held accountable.
 To all who are so anti-energy, go without heat this winter.
 That's what I thought, all talk and unwilling to walk the walk.
 MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL, AND TO ALL A WARM HOUSE!!!

35. I really do get sick of celebrities leading the debate about things they have no clue about. "Gasland" was an abomination of horrid untruths. I could care less about seeing "Promised Land" which is probably another slam using falsehoods and half truths to attempt to destroy an entire industry that is really very important to our existence as a nation.

36. An actor is someone who is paid to be someone he is not. Let's just leave it like that.
 1 Reply 

37. OK, turn off the gas and electric in all the properties owned by Obamas richer pals who desire to use less and pay more.Then let them see about fracking. More hollywood stupidity.

38. Most of these actors fail to tell you that their millions and billions are tide up in investments and blind trust funds that are not taxed like the rest of us who receive a weekly pay check....

39. These Hollywood types don't have Ph.D.s in any technical fields or even Doctorates in Public Policy, few have any sort of degree and many barely graduated high school, they just want people to think they are "good" people as they fly from mansion to mansion in their private jets and helicopters. And you know what, they don't care a one bit if gasoline goes to $10 a gallon or it costs $500 a month for the average family to heat their homes because if you are worth $20 million, expenses like that don't even register in their thinking. The reason I know it is I am well off (not a 1%er, but probably in the top 3% and in the top 300 household incomes for full-time residents in my county) and I don't care if gas goes to $8 a gallon and my heating/cooling bill jumps from the current $125 a month to $300 a month but I know for a fact that the average family cannot affort $5 a gallon gas or a $250 heating and cooling bill. Having done graduate work in environmental engineer (at a top 5 program) and also working in the field of environmental health I know that life is full of tradeoffs. If people can't afford to heat and cool their homes, many will die, the sick, the very old, the very young - in other words, vulnerable populations. These Hollywood types don't understand the big picture.

40. How will we be able to watch Hollywood's awful, violent movies without the energy sources to do so?

41. dear hollywood. if you really cared, you would stop driving these big arsh cars and living in huge mansions.
 until YOU change your energy suck of the planet, SHUT THE FRACK UP.

42. Let me guess, the most exciting part of the movie is when the drill rig explodes.

43. We live in a society in which the jesters think they are the kings. Not good.

44. WHO gives a #$%$ what anybody in hollywood thinks about anything ??!!?? #$%$ and make movies to entertain the mindless sheep #$%$..that's ALL you get over-paid to do !

45. This is a bunch of #$%$ and Liberal lies. I have relatives that live in Colorado and there is so much natural gas in their water it will burn right out of the faucet. There is no fracking or gas wells any place near where they live.

46. Hollywood liberals get their two cents in on fracking.. because WE ALL KNOW that Matt Damon is an EXPERT on the subject..

47. matt damon does not need my money and I do not need Matt Damon, another Sean Penn in the making.

48. It's a shame because the Oil Business has been one of the best job creators we have had in this Recession

49. This is why I have left the US Oil Industry. Now I am buying Canadian Oil Companies

50. Another round of libwash 'ganda films, huh? more tired pity party nonsense wrapped up in lousy acting and overdone special effects... what a joy.

51. What do those frakin nuts in Hollywood got to do with the frackin debate on fraking any way. Since when did they become the master debaters. Sorry I already knew that answer. When those frackers get done master debating the fracking does that mean the whole fracking Government will move to Hollywood so they to can become master debaters. When those frackers get done master debating the fracking maybe they can use their master debating skills to help this fracking Government to keep us from going over that fracking cliff.

52. YEA! Hollywood knows whats best..
 These idiots live in a Utopian Fantasy World and they want us to believe that they know ALL of the answers. Their research? AL GORE's bunch of fools, flying around in Al's jet, staying in Al's muliti-level manisons, and their have the answers!
 WOW! Guess the next thing they're going to tell us is Greecedr the the norm for the world today!

53. Saw the previews to this movie and thought it looked good. Didn't know it was a political movie to benefit oil from the middle east! I won't be spending my money on seeing it!

54. I guess that Hollywood is well endowed with engineers, physicists, chemists, geologists, and soils scientists. Isn't that why we would believe whatever it is that they are spewing?

55. Seems Hollywood types think they are experts on everything and we shoud listen to them because thye are from Hollywood. Yeah right.

56. "In an interview in Los Angeles, Damon said he worries that viewers will wrongly assume the film is one-sided and not see it. He declined to offer his personal view on fracking" This is a complete lie. He has already made it known. He is against it and an enviro wacko like most of the idiot crowd in Hollywood.

57. I lost respect for Damon after he said he loved kissing Michael Douglas. What a faggit!

58. Will Mat Damon be making a film about Communist Democrats who want to TAX half of a farmers land when he dies making it impossible for him to pass it on to his children?

59. Oh Goody more self important celebs telling us peons what's good for us.

60. We have well over 100 years supply according to the EIA which will directly result in hundreds of thousands of really good paying jobs and indirectly millions of other jobs. It can and should result in a dramatic reduction of dependence on foreign energy. It will produce far more affordable energy and jobs over the next 100 years than all the "renewable energy project" on earth combined for a fraction of the price!

61. Typical Hollywood.They know nothing about the industry, but decide to make a movie degrading the industry. Typical anti -america philosophy by these idiots.

62. I get all of my information and opinions from such celebrities as Damon, Afleck, Hilton, Kardashian, and Snooki. They are on top of the issues and know everything I need to know.

63. Seems like the poorest of the poor are the ones who has most trouble paying for energy. These Hollywood types and environmentalist just making the poor suffer more.

64. We've been fracking for the last 50 years or so, without any major incident. Why do we have a "controvery" now? Probably because the environmentl extremists enjoy saying no to everything that offers us a solution to our energy needs.

65. whatever hollywood and the media support you should always go the opposite way. 
matt damon and the rest of his hollywood elite crowd are now authorities on fracking or any other important issue ?one impt issue Douche bag,damon forgot to mention was that the UAE financed this #$%$. wonder why he didnt mention that and even better, wonder why the oil dirt bags in the middle east are involved with an anti fracking film. go figure.
 hollywood is nothing but another propaganda wing ,for the whitehouse. 
the nazis used their so called entertainers to spread the lies as well.
 goebbels would have been so proud of these useful idiots in the media and in hollywood

66. I'm sure his arrogance Matt Demon rode his bicycle because he cares about his mom.

67. LMAO! Great, I am sure we will get some really intelligent opinions from this group morons. These people are super wealthy, insular, shallow dunderheads who employ large illegal staff's to do everything for them but wipe their butts. They have no position to speak on anything serious. They play make believe for a living.

68. Perhaps the celebrities could provide information on how to clean up their favorite bulb when it breaks. Something like: The most important steps to reduce exposure to mercury vapor from a broken cfl bulb are:
 Before cleanup
 a. Have people and pets leave the room.
 b. Air out the room for 5-10 minutes by opening a window or door to the outdoors
 c. Shut off the central forced air heating/air conditioning (H&AC) system, if you have one.
 d. Collect materials needed to clean up broken bulb.
 During cleanup
 a. Be thorough in collecting broken glass and visible powder.
 b. Place cleanup materials in a sealable container.
 After cleanup
 a. Promptly place all bulb debris and cleanup materials outdoors in a trash container or protected area until materials can be disposed of properly. Avoid leaving any bulb fragments or cleanup materials indoors.
 b. For several hours, continue to air out the room where the bulb was broken and leave the H&AC system shut off.
 The procedures for disposing of unbroken bulbs depend on where you live. The proper disposal of a cfl depends on the consumer and others to complete a multi-step chain of actions without breaking the bulb. Someone in the process likely be an underpaid worker. Bringing mercury into every home in America is the result of well meaning environmentalists and the net result might be less mercury in the environment. But less mercury in the environment is not the same as less mercury where your child is.

69. The whole contrived water contamination scare about fracking by the Eco-nuts has been debunked by everyone including the left wing loons at the EPA.. It was methane gas in the water supplies that caused fire to come out a water facets and had nothing to do with fracking. But the liberal medial and Hollywood are treating it as a indictment against fracking.

70. If fracking is so bad why is the unemployment rate ssssooo low in those states and no harm has come to anyone yet Matt you did a MOVIE about Harvard you didn't STUDY there dip schitt.

 71. It's interesting how actors who know nothing about science are regarded as experts on this subject (or any other).

72. We need to go through our homes and towns and get rid of all liberal media, music, movies, etc. Take it out of the libraries and filter the internet our kids read. If we don't, the UN and China will invade and give us free iPads and Priuses in exchange for our guns and our rights and the new generation will think it's ok!!!

73. Its sort of funny have all these Hollywood people seem to think they know everything about politics and world events.
 
74. There they are driving BIG gas guzzling cars and suvs, living in these Huge houses which much take the heating and electric needs of what ??? 20 to 30 average size american homes.
 
75. Before you know it we will see Madonna being giving a job by Obama as Executive to Family values.

76. The debate on fracking is not a debate that should be carried out in Hollywood. As usual, I doubt that any movie would be based on scientific fact; that's not what Hollywood does. But I do credit Damon for not getting involved by discussing his personal opinion on fracking.

77. People who want to bring down America ; Matt Damon, Al Gore, Yoko Ono and Sean Lennon.

78. the highest level of education achieved should also be published beside each actors opinion

79. Celebrities should keep the frack away from fracking. Entertainment, yes. Political causes, no.

80. Now the liberal hollywood elites want you to pay them to misinform you about the environment... No thanks.

81. The bottom line is that fracking has the capability to make the USA a POWERHOUSE in energy production--completely energy independent. One American Company--CHENIERE--will be the first EXPORTER of liquid natural gas. And to help the environment another Anerican Company--HECKMANN--will keep the environment clean.

82. Cause no matter what happens, a celebrity survives to make another sequel. :D

83. More propoganda from Hollywood that movie viewers will believe as factual. People need to do their own research on the subject and not believe everything (anything) that comes out of Hollywood.

84. Why don't we just stop exploration and development of oil and gas altogether? We can go back to using whale oil and candles! We can live in the dark and cold in winter and in the dark and sweltering heat in the summer! We can stop using cars, trains and planes and go back to horses and buggies - no, wait....no horses, either. They fart and #$%$. What to do....what to do.....

85. Let's see the hollywood types practice what they preach and live in small houses, not use plastics or oil . They use more than their fair share for sure.

86. You got to love it when you see Liberals act like this is something new and dangerous to are health and environment! Fact is that here in Illinois they have been Fracking since the 1950's and nothing bad has ever come of it here in Illinois.

87. Why listen to these characters as most of them struggled to graudate from HS let alone have a college degree.

88. More LIBERAL Hollywood "experts" eh? No thanks. They're full of Dung, not Gas.

89. How about a boycott of Hollywood? Imagine what staying away one weekend from the theater would do to them! If it isn't on free TV I don't watch it anymore.

90. I had a classmate in my graduate Environmental Engineer program who had been employed buy mineral rights leases for gas drilling in PA. I asked him how he felt about it, he said not too bad, that more could and would be done to safeguard the environment (it's why he got his Masters in Environmental Engineering) but that it wasn't as bad as people were making it out to be (my specialty is water, hence my interest). My biggest concern is auqifer and surface water protection but I think it can be done. I may be starting a Ph.D. program next September and will be studying this topic - from a public policy perspective. Personally I am in favor of fully developing U.S. energy sources and I beleive it can be don't rationally.

91. Ahhhhhhh, industry know nothings who have never had a real job in their entire lives are voicing their opinions, which, as you know, are like xxxxxxxs. Everybody has one.

92. The majority of actors are uneducated and have standups like Clooney or Penn do their dirt work while they make junk movies which they are feature as untalented ido*ts that make millions reading someone else's work.
 Hollywood has no idea where electricity comes from nor gasoline on how its refined as they are mostly screwing someone else's wife or getting a divorce or stripping off their clothes for dollars.
 Go back to chasing hollywoods ho's in clubs and smoking dope and drinking it up with strippers for dollars

93. These Hollywood LIBTERD axxholes think Fracking is some new sex act.; That is about how deep they can think.

94. Why does anybody think we care about what these people think? They pass each other around as husband/wife, boyfriend/girlfriend like me and my friends would trade a bag of potato chips for a bag of Dorito's and then pass it for the Frito's and dip at a Super Bowl party!! Who in their right mind cares what these skanks think???

95. These hollywood entertainers live in a world where their tree hugging #$%$ does not effect them like it effects a lot of working people. These selfcentered liberal/socialists still drive their BIG SUVs and tell everyone else that we need to be more mindfull of our carbon footprint.

96. I'm sure these fools went to testify before congress about global warming and man-made environmental damage by flying in on their private jets and taking a motorcade of SUV's to the meeting.

97. obama will use his hollyweird friends to do his bidding. obama hates anything that was not his idea. He doesn't want to see anything good come from petroleum. While obama flies around in our big jet he wants us to walk. Damn him.

98. As long as rich celebrities have had their say, I guess the debate is over.

99. I'm curious why Hollywood would call the movie about "getting" bin-laden "The greatest manhunt ever"??? Obama was told six months earlier where he was and would never give the Military the green light to go get him until those in the Military threaten to go to the press and spill the beans that obama knew where he is but would not allow the military to kill him.

100. Hollywood getting involved? The same stars that limo drive one at a time to movie premieres instead of walking 200 feet? A lot of fracking good that will do...

101. Its laughable when messages of austerity and conservation are being preached by folks who have multiple million-dollar properties that they've never even visited.

102. Yes thats what we need more of, opinions from Matt Damon! Go back to biting your pillow!

103. How could fracking be any more damaging to America than sending trillions of US dollars to our Muslim enemies for their oil?.... then have a multi millionaire actor mislead us, Obama style,by guilting us about destroying the planet....com'on back down to earth Matt.

104. the fact is every american whether they know it or not uses and owns products that cannot exist without the "oil factor" somewhere in the manufacture process. i can guarantee every single one of those "green" nuts sleep on their bed after their day's anti-oil crusade... but are they smart enough to know the oil made that bed possible? obviously not.

105. Why don't celebs stop using their position to influence policy? Leave it to the congressmen who can botch it up without their help.

106. The fracking idiots in hollywood have no fracking clue about us regular folk in Ohio or PA, they should just get out of our fracking lives

107. An actor is someone who gets paid because they lie well...why should anyone believe a word these people say?

108. If someone from the fracking community would just kiss Matt Damon, he'd be a supporter. Jerk.

109. Because nothing says "expert" like a full-time actor with a diploma from Podunk High.

110. These are the very same people whose carbon footprint is 8 times that of the average person. When I see them giving up their private jets, limos, and 20,000 square foot homes then I might start to believe their lame rhetoric.

111.  Matt Damon brings to us his expertise on Fracking.
 
Next, Paris Hilton weights in on safe disposal of nuclear waste.
 
Lindsey Lohann offers NASA advice on Scramjet technology.
 
And Howard Stern lectures on advanced Physics.

112. Don't you love it when an actor suddenly becomes an expert on something because they had a part in a movie and their opinion on the issue is based on their script?
 
113. They are nothing more than trained monkeys that are paid to entertain. Anyone that bases their opinion of a matter because of celebrity gum flapping is a fool.
114. hollywood freaks trying to put americans out of work!!-and they wonder why movie sales are off!!

115. Whatever you think about this issue, my guess is that it all comes down to "money"

116. are these rich a-holes going to pay my heating bill. I don't think so, so go to hel*.

117. Why do people think that a rich entertainer is someone to follow ? Why would anyone think they are more intelligent than the rest of us ?

118. HEY PEOPLE THESE IDIOTS WHERE THEATER MAJORS!!!!! NOT PHYSICS, OR MATH OR ENGLISH, Some of them didnt finish high school and they set public policy?

119. I′m certain all the holliwood 1%rs carpool, take the bus or foot it just to make me look bad for driving a Suburban

120. The oil and gas they are going after is at about 8-10,000 feet. The water table is ususally 100-1000 feet. As long as the casings are done right there is no problem. Fracking has been around for a long time. Hollywood histeria...

121. Who died and appointed the Hollywood crowd as saviour of the world? Most of them are exceptionally dense and self absorbed.

122. Why is it that the ego of so many actors and musicians causes them to eventually misinterpret the public's admiration of their art with admiration of them personally or their personal politics?

123. Whatever the topic if Hollywood comes out on one side of it you know the other side is right.

124. If they want to help,donate their time money to charity,otherwise just shut up.

Just do your job and entertain us, we are tired of being preached to. If you find that impossible then we'll take our dollars elsewhere.

125. Hollly wood actors are always ready to take up a cause. Unless that cause blames them. And they are more than happy to support laws aginst what they glamorise. by the way they are the above 1%. But libs lve them. when they have 50% of the money in America.

126. And what the h-ll does Hollywood know?? They are a bunch of commie left wingers that would not know a donut from a dipstick.

127. Oh not another Liberal Hollywood NON-Factual film again! If these people knew anything they would know that here in Illinois they been doing Fracting since the 1950's and nothing bad has happened yet!

128. Funny you never see these US energy haters giving up their luxury and riding bikes Etc......

129. There is so much hot air coming out of hollywood, the planet is getting warmer

130. These actor/activists -- boycott their movies so they go broke like this country and the average hard worker. Stop buying their records, seeing their movies. That will stop them from stopping our economy.

131. If it wasn't "fracking", it would be the destruction of wildflowers at drilling sites.

132. Thankfully we have “Hollywood” to guide America on issues like drilling for oil, the economy, voting, global warming, gay marriage, abortion, the 2nd Amendment, foreign policy, and education.

133. I watched a special about a rancher in North Dakota who said Fracking polluted his water supply, he then showed it to be true on camera. I found that a little frightening, but what he said next, and I paraphrase, totally scared me. "I can buy bottled for me and my family, but I've got no choice but to let the cattle drink it." That means that whatever is in that water is entering the food chain in America! I don't think the FDA mandates any testing for benzene and other like chemicals in meat, so it will not be detected.

134. Why do we care what these people who make millions acting, it is not even much of a job. Why have we gotten around to thinking they are the be all and end all... They are just ordinary people who got lucky enough to play for a living. Wise up America, you are falling for the Obama Hollywood craze... Show me that they have studied this for at least a year or two and maybe then i will listen, do they even know the history of it or are they Obamas puppets..

135. damon used to be a decent guy when he stayed away from believing that he was all of a sudden an expert on every social issue and his brain went soft. Contrary to his proclamations, this "film" of his will be just another steaming pile of liberal s**t.

136. Yes and Cher held back nuclear development. These phony hollywood liberals and their phony causes, end up hurting people. I won't pay one dime for their movies.


137. The Hollyweird braintrust is an authority on NOTHING, including acting and film making. But, as devoted libtards, they're in lockstep with the whack jobs in the Feral Gummint.

138. Why is it that just because someone is know by the public for whatever reason, they suddenly become authorities on EVERYTHING?

139. Actors make tons of money from these films and then turn around and defend the part they play
 as just a role in the movie so the public won't follow their lead in the movie. If they felt different
 about the content, then why not have some integrity and not be in that film in the first place.
 Kind of like playing both sides against the middle. If you have principals, stick to them...

140. In the industry, I'm always seeing it as FRAC not FRACK - so what the Frack?

141. Fracking was pioneered in IL back in the '40s. To date there has been zero water contaminated due to the fracking aspect of a drill site but methane had leaked into 18 private water wells due the initial conventional drilling prior to the fracking.. 

142. IL has just now started clamoring to regulate fracking due to all the negative MSM propaganda. There is(or at least was, not sure about now) talk of increasing fracking in southern IL which would bring in over a $billion in new revenue to the area.

143. wow celebrities weighing in on fracking, congress should listen to them since they are so knowledgeable

144. The bottom line is we need fracking so we just need to make it safe. I don't need some lame movie or documentary to tell me that. And who is Damon fooling? He is most certainly standing against fracking.Duh.

145. Matt may have a point....but I like to weigh all the expert opinions first. It's only fair to wait till Carrot Top, Bon Jovi and Kim Kardashian testify...... before I commit to this Anti-Fracking movement.

146. What are all the do gooders gonna do when they have no jet fuel for their enviro-friendly jets? What are you going to do when you FINALLY REALIZE crude oil is apart of your life in thousands of ways. Look it up, med's,plastics,foods,automobiles,and thousands of other things. Research before you fall for that squish-huggy #$%$!! Celebs, anyway as if the care about you!!!!!!!!!!! LAUGHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

147. Hollywood = Quit trying to pass off propaganda as entertainment. Will def skip this snoozer and I bet it doesnt crack 50M

148. How about these actors folks making 25 million or more a picture just budding out of Obamaville. Quit trying to control folks at the bottom of the food chain. So you acted in movie big f---in deal. So now you know what is good for America.

149. And we all know how technically savvy these limosuine liberals are and just how well they understand the process. Anyone knows Matt Damon is a PE. with and engineering degree from GA Tech and a Masters from the CO School of Mining and that AL Gore holds and Environmental Science degree from UT.....yeah right. These numbskulls are ACTORS and need to stick to something they understand.....ACTING.
 
150. Article states: "Nearly four out of ten Americans surveyed by the Pew Research Center early this year said they knew nothing about fracking.".......and 3 of the 4 who claim they do are either lying or simply know what propoganda they have been fed. Working in this business, it is comical to read some of the claims. So little understanding is exhibited it is nothing but laughable.

151. Because the Hollywood people pretend to be authorities in movies they think they are the real thing. We pay them to entertain us not to controle our lives just like we pay for a dancing bear. That is the way they need to be treated. As an expencive Dancing Bear.
