1. A man with a criminal history shot and killed two West Webster, N.Y. firefighters and seriously injured two others as they responded to a fire at his home, police say.
 2. William H. Spengler, Jr., 62, apparently started a 5:35 a.m. fire at his home on Lake Road  and then waited with an armament of weapons for first responders to arrive, Webster N.Y. Police Chief Gerald Pickering said at an afternoon news conference.
 3. “He was shooting from high ground or a berm," Pickering said.
4.  "He was barricaded with weapons to shoot first responders."
 5. After a brief exchange of gunfire with police, Spengler then shot and killed himself at the scene, Pickering said.
 6. Spengler was convicted in 1981 in the death of his 92-year-old grandmother a year earlier. 
7. He served time in prison and was released in 1998, Pickering said.
 8. Spengler beat Rose Spengler to death with a hammer 1980, the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle reported. 
9. Rose Spengler had lived in the home next to William Spengler on Lake Road at the time of her death.
 10. Local police had not noted any criminal activity in his recent past, Pickering said.
 11. Pickering said they are looking into the apparent disappearance of Spengler's sister who is unaccounted for at this time.
 12. Police and fire officials are continuing to gather evidence and will inspect the seven homes that were destroyed in the fire that spread to nearby houses in the small lakeside town located 10 miles east of Rochester.
 13. The victims in the shooting are Mike Chiapperini, also a lieutenant and public information officer with the local police department, and Tomasz Kaczowka, Pickering said.
 14. "These people get up in the middle of the night to fight fires. 
15. They don't expect to be shot and killed," a tearful Pickering said at the press conference.
 16. Chiapperini was described by Pickering as a lifelong firefighter who started with the department's explorer program and had about 20 years of experience. 
17. Kaczowka was a younger firefighter who was on the force for about two years and was also a 911 dispatcher, he said.
 18. West Webster firefighters Joseph Hofsetter and Theodore Scardino were seriously injured and are at Strong Memorial Hospital with gunshot wounds, a hospital spokeswoman said.  
19. Scardino  has  injuries to his chest and lungs. 
20. Hofsetter was injured in the pelvis, the spokeswoman said at a media briefing. 
21. Both are in guarded condition, she said.
 22. An off-duty police officer from nearby Greece, N.Y., John Ritter was also injured by shrapnel during the shooting, Pickering said.
 23. Pickering said that one of the firefighters who survived made his way across a bridge to safety. 
24. The other three did not make it across, Pickering said. 
25. Police arrived and rescued the other three firefighters, but two were fatally shot, Pickering said.
 26. The morning scene was described as chaotic as police and firefighters dealt with an immense blaze as well as gunshots,  local news station WHAM-TV  reports.
 
27. “I’m not aware of anything like this happening in Webster, obviously not a firefighter being fired upon,” Webster Fire Marshal Rob Boutillier told the Democrat and Chronicle.  
28. Pickering described Webster as resort lakeside community that is quiet and usually peaceful.
 29. WHAM reported that an outpouring of support has come through the Webster community. 
30. Black flags reportedly have been draped at some homes and offices to honor those killed and injured.
 31. N.Y. Gov. Andrew Cuomo tweeted of the incident: We as the community of #NY mourn their loss as now 2 more families must spend the holidays without their loved ones #Webster


Comments:
1. Firefighters going to help people, but instead they get shot and killed/injured on Christmas Eve. Absolutely sickening.

2. Ha ha @ V: I like how you post stats up, but forget that some of those stats list more than 100% of murders committed by firearm... How on earth can there possibly be more than 100%?

3. It takes an unspeakably cruel person to murder folks that are there to save lives and homes. What's wrong with people?

4. As a former volunteer ff/emt from Honeoye Falls,NY fire dept and who had training at Webster fire dept, may my fellow brothers rest in peace.

5. this is turning into quite a Christmas Season , what happened to peace on earth and goodwill toward men

6. What happens when you really need the Firefighters and they refuse to come because of the fear of being shot and killed?

7. Your not safe anywhere or doing any job. The world has gone crazy, Prayers going out to the dead and injured.

8. People volunteer for one of the most dangerous jobs that help and protect others, and get shot at. I salute every policeman and firefighter in this nation.

9. And this #$%$ was out and on the street? Just goes to show you again. The Laws in the US arew a joke. Should of took him out the first time he killed someone. And now look at the mees we have. 
Very sad. Very very sad!

10. What was this guy doing out of prison? He beat his Grandmother to death with a hammer, for crying out loud.

11. How about holding accountable those who released him, believing he was rehabilitated?

12. Wouldn't be suprised to find out those that fired upon the firfighters also set the house a blaze, they may have been covering up a murder inside or something else,there is definetly more to this story.

13. My buddies father used to be the chief at a firehouse in Jersey City. He said their guys got shot at when responding to fires in bad areas. 

14. Unfortunately, this kind of pathetic behavior is not new.

15. They used to attack the ambulance and firefighters in Detroit. Usually the situation was a hit over drugs and the fire was to destroy the evidence. The early responders were prevented from helping the victims.
 
16. Look for gang drug related violence in these situations, it unfortunately fits the pattern too well.
 
17. My condolences to the family of the victims.

18. Unbelievable. Deepest condolences to the family and friends of these brave firefighters. May you find answers and peace. My thoughts are with you. To the families of those brave firefighters now fighting for their lives, I wish them speedy and complete recovery. My thoughts are also with all of you.

19. This is very sad news for the victim's families in Christmas Eve, my prayers and thoughts for all of them.

20. How pathetic your life must be, if you shoot at people that save lives!
 Murdered his Grandmother!
 
21. Why the hell is he a FREE MAN?

22. "Spengler was convicted in 1981 in the death of his 92-year-old grandmother a year earlier. He served time in prison and was released in 1998, Pickering said." "Spengler beat Rose Spengler to death with a hammer 1981."
 
23. Why was he released? Never mind, better question, why wasn't he executed? Were we afraid of violating his rights?

24. One more example of convicted killers who should be given no second chances.

25. hold on her. He beats someone to death with a hammer and he was allowed to walk around? Dang.

26. All social trust is gone in this Country. We do not trust the govenrment, our employers, and now we cannot trust our neighbors.

27. If he had committed such a heinous murder in Texas as killing his own grandmother with a hamer his life would have ended long ago. We don't try to reform people like that.

28. The Shooter was a known crazy person with a criminal record of violence!!
 WHO LET HIM OUT??

29. WHY WHY WHY was a man who beat his 92 year old mother to death with a hammer out on parole ??? END PAROLE NOW & PERMANENTLY FOR ALL VIOLENT OFFENDERS !! Anyone respeonsible for this man being free now shares in the guilt of the deaths of these fire-fighters.

30. Why in the heck was this freak ever released from prison in the first place??? This country has gone completely mad, the judges, the prison system, the mental institutions or lack of them. Keep these freaks in jail!!!!!

31. He beat his grandmother to death with a hammer and got out after 18 yrs....why didn't they eliminate the piece of #$%$?

32. Welcome to the decline of America. This is only the beginning, I fear, of what's coming down the pipe.

33. Just the fact that he beat anyone (let alone his own grandma) to death with a HAMMER should have given this douche a lifelong no parole sentence. Can you even imagine the horror that poor women must have gone through. Bloody horrific scene for the police I'm sure.

34. We now need armed security guards at schools, shopping malls, theaters and apparently riding around with the firefighters... We are just a couple of steps from becoming a third world country...

35. Who and why would someone shoot a firefighter trying to fight a fire?
 This makes no sense!

36. What the heck is going on!!! There is something strange about all these shootings.

37. He did 7 years for murdering his grandmother. What's wrong with that picture? We need more prisons and harsher punishments.

38. Anyoneconvicted of killing a family member, especially their grandmother with a hammer, should die in prison, preferrably by execution.

39. Roch."News Services" couldn't get the info but other "REAL Reporters" DID. The guy was a Career Criminal & did time in State Prison. Everything he had was ALL "ILLEGAL!!" The question they should really be "asking" is HOW did a Criminal obtain firearms.

40. Look people, I'm black and people like me get killed in minority neighborhoods every day. See, murder is already illegal, along with jay walking. Guns isn't the issue, Godlessness has always been the issue. Cocaine is illegal, look how that's working.

41. "A man with a criminal history" .... 
He murdered his grandmother and the liberal justice system put that convicted murderer back into society. But we all know it's going to be the gun's fault for the shooting.

42. Our world as we know it ended long ago. People are nutty. Good thing we aren't
 supposed to live on this earth forever. Who would want to?

43. These firefighters were set up to be shot and killed on Christmas eve when they arrived to battle a fire and rescue people?
 
44. What kind of sick SOB would do this? What the hell is wrong with people?

45. Like I say, the gun did not kill anybody......This nuthead did! Plus, blame the judicial system for letting him out!!!!

46. In EMT class, we had training on this sort of thing. At the scene you have to first #$%$ the situation and make sure that the culprit is still not in the area. Not sure if that happened or not. Most of the time you forget that part of the training and just jump right in to save people.

47. He only served 17 years in prison for murdering his grandmother? There's your trouble.

48. makes you wonder what is in the house that these gunman wanted to be sure was burned 

if they were willing to kill firefighters lord knows what other crimes they have committed.

49. The parole system is working well I see. I thought convicted felons couldn't legally buy firearms?

50. He beats Grandma to death with a hammer, and they let him live? At the very least his sorry self should have gotten life with out parole.
 Convicted killers people should be put to death.
 Enough of the cost of housing them for years.

51. Bring back the death penality in all states that the criminal has no more then 1 year in our prisons on our dollars. Death penality means nothing these day. Some people have been on death row for 20 years or more. This guy killed his grandmother years ago. Why wasn't he given the needle then instead of letting him out?

52. Sad for the victims and families but good that the POS shooter is dead so the taxpayers don't have to feed his #$%$ for the next 30 years....

53. I did this job for almost 30 years. I was shot at, and had knifes pulled and one thrown at me. Now in retirement I read about people #$%$ about my pension that I paid 11% of my salary for. Merry F---- Christmas.

54. Okay, so now we need a uniformed police officer at every fire too. So, one officer in every school, one at or near every fire station so they can go to the fire with the firefighters, and we already have them at the airport, football games, baseball games, big churches, what's next? At least unemployment should vanish, what with all these new police officers we are going to be needing.

55. Ok, he KILLS his GRANDMOTHER with a HAMMER, and they let the psycho free, WHY?? Sorry, the death penalty for murderers needs to come back nationwide. Get these loonies off the streets permanently! Quit blaming the guns, and start with blaming and punishing the loonies!

56. So he was clearly a felon for killing his grandmother... but was still able to get a hold of firearms in NY. Yea those gun laws are working pretty well aint they?

57. He beat his 92-year old grandmother to death with a hammer? And got out of prison after only 17 years???

58. "Spengler beat Rose Spengler to death with a hammer 1980" Why are insane people allowed to run loose in america?

59. From local news coverage, turns out the shooter was a 62 year old who'd served 17 years for killing his own grandmother. Obviously the ideal person to release back into the community. Footnote: as a convicted felon, it was illegal for him to buy firearms.

60. My God, now firefighters are being shot when they respond to a fire?
 What is this world coming to?
 Satan must be very busy these days!

61. One - a murderer released from prison. Two - a convicted felon unlawful to own firearms.
 There wouldnt be so many killings if the justice and sentencing system worked in this country and wasnt so lenient. He should have been executed for his first murder, not let out to prey once more on society.

62. A man who beat his own grandmother to death with a hammer is a man who should NEVER have been released from prison.

63. Bottom line, this man should have been executed for beating his 92 year old grandmother to death with a hammer and those firemen would be alive to enjoy Christmas with their families. There is a point when a civilization become too civalized. Sometimes you got to take the trash out to the curb!

64. Until that cesspool in Washington starts to do what is right for all & Country things will not get better. Hate is the only thing coming out of Washington.

65. This is what happens when you shut down all the mental institutions, treat walking around batsh*t crazy as a basic civil right, and call it mainstreaming.

66. This is terrible. Killing first responders? Why on God's green earth wasn't this man given life imprisonment or the death penalty for killing his 92 year old grandmother with a hammer back in 1981?

67. The reason some people are for the death penalty if that there is no guarantee in our legal system that violent offenders won't be released to kill again.

68. Spangler was a felon and thus it was illegal for him to own any firearms. Did this stop him from getting and using guns? No. There is no way to keep a gun away from people who want one. If restrictive firearms legislation is passed, honest citizens will be restricted and only felons will have guns. Think about it.

69. Since this POS was a convicted felon, he couldn't have owned the gun legally.
 Who out there truly believes ANY gun laws would have stopped him?

70. I wonder what he got in 1981 for killing grandma...I wouldn't be surprised if he got life and was paroled out in less than 20 years thanks to the lib morons out there.

71. Oomph! We need to limit the size of hammers to 5.5 ounces! Multiple hammer owners must register their larger than 10 ounce hammers! 22ounce framing assault hammers with serrated faces must be confiscated.......

72. I don't know about you but if someone kills their 92 year old grandma with a hammer, they deserve INSTANT DEATH PENALTY. but that's just my opinion.

73. This guy wasn't allowed to have guns by law and HE STILL OBTAINED THEM!!!!!! Banning guns will not work. However, executing this guy years ago would have!!!!!!!!!!!

74. So he murdered his own grandmother and only served 18 years? Maybe a life sentence might have saved those fireman and his sister

75. So this flock kills grandma with a hammer, does some time, gets out and kills some more. Let's see, if he had been giving the death penalty, these latest victims would be alive.

76. A man beats a woman to death with a hammer and he was set free?! Great justice system.

77. He was a convicted murderer set free by our liberal system!!! Who can't see the problem here? Are you really surprised that he killed again? The first time he did it with a hammer and the person is just as dead!

78. The guy was convicted of a felony offense. He had an "arsenal" of guns. Seems like the criminals will always be the ones who get them. (it is against all rules/laws for a felon to have a gun)

79. If schools in America had a sign that said there is at least one STAFF member trained in fire arms on Campus, there would be no shootings at schools! Instead murderers are met with the sign, This is a gun free zone in liberal states!

80. The killings wont stop until the libatards get their way!!!!!!!!!!!! Now whos behind this?

81. Suicide rates do go up around the holidays, the only difference is that now the worthless whiners are hellbent on taking others with them.

82. If you stay inside and hide with your loaded gun you will be safe ,,,,,,, enjoy your freedom !!

83. This society is crumbling apart. Everything that used to bind Americans together into a proud, cohesive people is gone. Now we're just full of mental cases, hateful people, totally self-absorbed people, and irresponsible people.

84. you beat your 92 yr old grandmother to death with a hammer, You should never get out of prison.

85. Released by another liberal judge after serving only 17 years for killing his grandmother. Had he still been locked up like the animal should be, these hero firemen would still be alive.

86. another g-damn misfit- and another very evil one at that
 pure evil
 how utterly terrible to do this at all, but on Christmas Eve? especially heinous

87. Mental illness is rampant in this country and the federal and state governments continue to ignore the problem. More like this and Newton and other cities are sure to follow in the coming years

88. Why wasn't this lunatic locked away in a mental institution, that's what I'd like to know - oh no, some pathetic Liberal justice system patted him on his head, pointed a finger in his face and told him to be nice and then sent him on his merry way...
 
89. ...explain that to the dead Firemen's family's...!

90. Great, now the firefighters are going to need armed escorts as well. What the hell is wrong with people?

91. Wow.. he was a felon and still had weapons. I thought felons couldn't legally get weapons or own them..... Oh.. my... gawd... I just had an epiphany ... Criminals don't obey laws..

92. Criminal-coddling progressives have the blood of innocents on their hands.

93. Folks wanting to ban all guns because of sick folks... is about the same as folks wanting to ban all computers because some sick folks have kiddie porn on the internet. IE.. "If you have the internet.. you support the exploitation of children for you're own sick perversions!."

94. It is SO OBVIOUS that there is A LOT MORE to this story than we're being told. We are entering the Orwellian nightmare that we only thought was possible in other countries...

95. Maybe if those firemen had carried guns instead of those unwieldly hoses filled with water they would still be alive. Priorities, gentlemen. Priorities.

96. Liberals have more blood on their hands. Thanks to their policies there are two dead fireman,
 Yet they try to make us believe it's the guns fault..Tell us why this animal was not in prison even though he was a convicted murderer among many other crimes?

97. New York has some of the most restrictive gun laws on the books. but this murderer killed his grandmother with a hammar, then released from jail. Why was he still breathing after this murder? The courts set him free? Sounds like the court is responsible for the two firemans lives. He would have still killed even if there were no guns in N.Y. Madmen ignores all laws, totally cares nothing about gun laws. So everyone must protect their own self.

98. ANYONE who beats an elderly woman to death with a hammer should NEVER see the free world again.There's no comming back from that kind of cruelty and this proves it. Nice job parole board!

99. Hey Evangelicals - how do you like guns being used to kill a woman in a church in Pennsylvania last week? 

Who would Jesus shoot?

100. If those firefighters had been armed with Bushmaster rifles, handguns, and body armor, it would have been a different story. They should have a machine-gun mounted on their truck.

101. And this is exactly why you don't let these idiots out of jail! If this POS had been executed for murdering his grandmother these two firemen would not be dead and I think they will find his sister's body somewhere too, probably in the burned out house.

102. This man beat his grandmother to death with a hammer. Why was he ever released from prison, did they think they rehabilitated a man who would do that.

103. Coddle murderers, give them 'stiff' sentences and let them out for 'good behavior' and what do you have? Someone who more than likely will murder again.
 
104. NY has no death penalty - how's that working?

105. I wonder how many anti-gun people would throw away a Colt 1886 Peacemaker 45 Caliber Revolver if Santa put one under their tree. I own one and it is a beautiful work of art.

106. He beat his grandmother to death with a hammer and only served 17 years? There-in lies the problem folks! I hope the judge/parole board sleeps well! THEY SHOULD BE FIRED!

107. if you murder your grandma, you should be in prison rest of life. What was this idiot doing out?

108. I remember an incident about 30 years ago when a family of tree trimmers, who had a reputation of being rather hard -a**ed guys, set up a trap on their property, lure the regional police in and opened fire from berms on the property. Didn't hardly make the six o'clock news. Now every wild white guy going off the deep end is a rallying call for gun control. Nothing said about the criminal who shot that store clerk with an illegal gun in the hands of an irresponsible person. Or the traffic of guns from the USA to Mexico by Eric Holder. Just disarm the White Man. Well I'm gonna' tell ya' Ain't happening.

109. Another good reason to have a death penalty! If he would have been executed before for murdering his mother, his sister, and these firefighters would still be alive.

110. Its interesting that these murders never happen at NASCAR rallies in the South! HMMMMMMMMMMMMMM............

111. So he murdered someone with a hammer, and got out of prison after 17 years. I guess that explains everything.

112. The Liberal Media will report on any shootings they can get their hands on right now to promote their anti gun agenda. (for all the crazies out there it is their chance to get famous)

113. Just another nut job with a gun! Note this is a people problem folks #1 he's a convicted criminal ILLEGALLY possessing a weapon! #2 he should have been put to death for his crime and this would have never occurred!

114. If this dirtbag had been executed after killing his grandmother, two firefighters would still be alive.

115. We've seen quite a few murders lately. Marxists have murdered 70 million or more in the last 50-60 years. Obama was mentored by a Marxist and has appointed two Marxists to positions of power, Jarett and Jones. His political ally and friend, Ayers, said we may need to murder 10 million Americans, who won't submit to the revolution.

116. They're going to find his sister, well her remains anyway, in that burned out house.

117. What's causing this rash of killings?
 Desire for attention, in a world where we're all just little ants on the antheap.
 Maybe it's not the Second Amendment that needs reworking- maybe it's the First.

118. If they had kept this guy in prison, those two firefighters would be alive. 
There should be no parole for a violent murder like the one he committed against his grandmother.

119. Be in this world but not of the world because it takes all kinds of people to make up this world, and believe me they are all here.

120. more families that will never be happy at Christmas again. the devil is doing well in america these days.

121. how tragic that a worthless POS can end the lives of bona fide heroes

122. Any person, ill or not, can obtain a gun. Just like drugs, outlawed or not, can be found anywhere, anytime. You cannot stop someone who is hellbent on taking you out. It's called free will...

123. Gun control would not have stopped this incident. He was a convicted felon and he obtained guns. Bad guys will get guns regardless of any laws that are passed. Might as well let the good guys have them also to defend themselves.

124. Free the mental ill and put more of them in our streets if this is the life you want to live . 
Me personally I want the institutions reopened and live a safe life with my family . I want to see my kids , grand kids , and great grand kids grow up safe and happy !

125. There is one fact that is proven, "More people kill themselves around Christmas time than any other time of the year." It's a shame that he wanted to take others with him. At least he is dead.

126. Another person that according to law was bared from coming in contact with a firearm.

127. So beating your grandmother to death with a hammer gets you released back into society after 17 years. Oh, heck yes! What's the worst that can happen?

128. I'm willing to bet that another mentally ill person who isnt receiving treatment is to blame for this.

129. Well obviously those guns were stolen. Convicted felon can't get a gun legally. I'm no fan of guns but this just proves that you can ban guns all you want...where there's a will there's a way. This tragedy has rocked this town. I have friends who knew the deceased. Didn't think something this crazy would happen here but we all know different now I guess.

130. How did he get his weapons? He would have been denied a permit because of his criminal record, therefore they were either stolen or did not need a permit to buy. 

131. A horrible, horrible man. May his name be banished from newspapers.

132. What a coward and sub-human. Beats his own 92 yr. old grandmother to death with a hammer and ambushes firefighters coming to save his house. He never should have seen the outside of a prison in the 1st place.

133. "Spengler beat Rose Spengler to death with a hammer 1980" - tell me WHY was he let out? 
there is No justification for his release back into society...none - and he has proved my point

134. What in the name of God possessed them to release a man who bludgeoned his own grandmother to death with a hammer? You don't come back from something like that.

135. I bet they find his sister in the house. Why did an ex-con with a murder conviction have a gun? It's against the law. Why did someone who killed their own grandmother with a hammer be allowed out of prison? ANOTHER case of letting the crazy people out of prison that should be in for life or receive a death sentence.

136. Why you let someone out of prison that was convicted of beating their grandmother to death with a hammer is completely beyond my comprehension. You know he is a pure maniac.

137. so he is a felon, which means he could not own a gun,
 
so how and where did he get these weapons.

138. He beat his grandmother to death with a hammer and was released from prison? There's the problem. Should have been executed for that or at least life without parole. Oh and to the anti gun people these were illegal weapons. No gun control laws would have stopped this.

139. Think of all the time, money ,and lives wasted because he was not executed for the first murder.

140. I blame the media. The media glorifies these shootings making nut cases think it is their way of becoming famous.

141. Not only should this man never have been allowed to have firearms, he should never have been allowed out of prison alive at all. Beat a 92-year-old woman to death with a hammer??? Excuse me, that's not somebody who can be rehabilitated into a productive citizen!

142. ..But.. He was a convicted felon!! It was ILLEGAL for him to have guns!! How did this happen? The law said he could not have guns?? I don't understand how he could have done this!!

143. The question is what sick justice system would let this evil animal out after killing his grandma by beating her to death with a hammer? This is another piece of the puzzle to fix these random murders. Whom let him out or why wasn't he executed?

 144.So in this case the death sentence would have saved lives had the state of NY gone after the death sentence back in 1981, at the very least he would have still been behind bars working on appeals instead of shooting fire fighters.

145. Thanks to CHUCKY SCHUMER, dem senator from New York this brutal murderer was free after only 17 years!! CHUCKY loves child molestors too! So no matter how strict ther gun laws, lib she-males like Chucky Schumer will always love criminals! and they will be given the right to walk free and KILL us and our CHILDREN!

146. Stomp on other peoples rights now. But remember your rights will be next on the list. I don't believe in gay marriage but I have to put up with their rights. So put up with my rights!!!!!!!!!!

147. Another case of Mental Illness but yet finger pointing at guns being the cause. This guy should have been treated for Mental Illness when he was placed in jail. God Bless those Firefighters and their Families.

148. Condolences to those lost in this senseless incident. May those injured heal soon of their physical and emotional injuries. It is a sad day when those that give their lives to save lives and property, are treated with such disregard.

149. This guy was running an LSD lab, and his grandmother found out, threatened to call the police, he killed her by hitting her in the head with hammer....32 times. This article fails to mention that he lived with his sister at that residence, she has not been heard from. There is a good chance that her remains will be found in the burnt down house. It may have been the motive for shooting at the firemen.

150. If Liberals in the North East are going to run around killing each other just to try to get guns banned, should it even be in the news?

151. You have to be seriously mentally ill to shoot any unarmed person, especially a firefighter

152. New York. Another state like Connecticut with strict gun laws on the books. You can't stop crazy. If someone wants to kill people and doesn't care about getting away, it's hard to stop. That's why terrorists do it that way.

153. Im glad weve all become expert sociologist's on Yahoo. I do appreciate the fact that there is a comment section so we can vent. Otherwise I would never bother with Yahoo.

154. ["Spengler beat Rose Spengler to death with a hammer 1980, the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle reported."] New York hasn't practiced capital punishment since 1963.
 If they had, then these two firefighters would still be alive.

155. The world is nuts. Killing small school children and now killing those who could save your life.

156. Wayne LaPierre and the NRA issued a statement late today advocating for armed guards to accompany every firefighter who responds to every single call out, including false alarms. Like that won't cost taxpayers anything... Great idea, NRA. Let's make sure every single social interaction between every single person in society is attended to by a "good guy" with a gun. That'll work, won't it, gun nuts? I can't think of any solution to our gun-related problems that will cost less, can you, gun nuts and right-wingers?

157. He beat his grandmother to death with a hammer. Clearly hammer control laws were inadequate because of the tools lobby.

158. What is it going to take for YOU people to use your heads and see what is becoming OH-SO-OBVIOUS and TRANSPARENT to those of us who THINK! I do NOT own a gun, but even I can see what is at work here. They will stop at nothing to push their agenda and they are killing innocent victims every day now. We should ALL BE FURIOUS!!! Direct your anger at the people who you think have your best interest at heart, for they are making martyrs out of innocents for their cause!

159. The NRA reminds you only one more shooting day before Christmas. Make the news while you can.

160. Acording to the NRA, if the firefighters were armed they would still be dead but happy to have owned guns!

161. He beat a 92 year old to death with a hammer back in 1981? Should have been sentenced to death, then. The blood of these first responders is on the hands of those that gave him such a light sentence

162. Our sympathies to to family, friends, and community, and the country of these amazing people who lost their lives in an attempt to help another citizen. Why was a murderer who violently killed someone out in the community to kill again? Rest in Peace. Love and Light.

163. As a convicted felon, there is no way that Spengler could legally posess any type of firearm. He proves the point that no gun ban, regardless of how strict, will stop a criminal. All that gun bans accomplish is to take away the opportunity for the law abiding citizen to defend himself.

164. Let's just call it what it is: EVIL. There's no reason, there's no excuse, there's no mitigating circumstance or life experience, no history of abuse, no ANYTHING that causes such actions. EVIL.

165. I bet they will find his Sister's dead body in the house with a bullet hole in her head.

166. I've always said, you can't fix crazy, but you can be ready for it because crazy can happen anytime any place.

167. Poster child for the "three strike rule". Anyone who kills their grandmother with a hammer should not be able to walk free or have a gun. Anyone who advocated for this guys release should suffer...

168. Let's hope Santa doesn't get shot while delivering happiness. Merry Christmas Everyone...!!!

169. I think the good judge and criminal system of NY were insane to let this guy back on the street. Did they even ban him from a Carpenter job.

170. why was he releaseed. the judge should face charges of negligence for being an idiot

171. Spengler is another one of those characters that proves how important it is to be vigilant in watching out for unarmed Trayvon Martin types with their hoodies and ice tea.

172. They came to help and to save with a creed 'to risk their lives to save the lives of others' and to be murdered in cold blood. Rest in peace brave souls!

173. Obama's top adviser, Valerie Jarett, publicly promoted a man and his philosophy that caused the deaths of 55 million people, Mao Tse Tung. If she doesn't care about 55 million people dead, millions of them children, she doesn't care about a couple of firefighters nor those 20 little children at Sandy Hook.

174. Every fire and rescue volunteer I have met through the years are some of the nicest most caring people in the country . This is just sickening!

175. I don't know about you but I have been literally sick for over a week since those school shootings. I am not even related but I'm still feeling ill. This story #$%$ me off further!

176. Are some of the people in this world having some sort of sick contest? A let's-see-what-type-of-people-group-we-can-shoot-to-tick-off-the-world contest?!
 Those firefighters risk their LIVES to save people. What the freak is wrong with you, you sicko?! There's gotta be a special place in hell for you or something. 
Students, then children, and now first responders? They better have guards stationed at nursing homes next, cuz that's exactly where this all seems to be headed now. 
Despicable.
 RIP Firefighters. You've done so much to help people. God bless.

177. This is a good argument for the death penalty. He killed before so it's not like they didn't think he was capable of doing it again. Now because they let him out of prison, two brave firefighters are dead and two more injured, as well as several people who lost their houses, all for want of a little common sense.

178. My Heart is sick for you. The Department, the shooting Victims, and the injured Firefighters. To The Families, I cry with you on your loss.

179. Where are the stories of grannies shooting burglars? Where are the stories of rapists getting shot? The media intentionally holds those for another time.. The media are virtually all controlled by leftist entities..

180. This would not happen if people who kill get the death penalty. No jail for years that we must pay for or keep them in jail till they die.Now people get out after five to seven yrs-isnt a life worth more? If you shoot the Pres. or judge you never get out -whys that?

181. In another article, Webster police chief, Gerald Pickering, stated that Webster is a wonderful, safe community. Spengler bludgeoned his grandmother to death with a hammer in Webster back in 1980 and today he shot four firefighters, killing two of them, in Webster. I assume he burned his missing sister to death in the fire he intentionally set today in Webster. Then last December a 15-year-old boy intentionally set his house on fire, killing his father and two brothers in Webster. Webster doesn't sound like such a wonderful, safe community to me.

182. How does a person who beat another to death with a hammer, (his own grandmother at that) get out to walk the streets again?

183. Ok, he beat a woman to death with a hammer. The Big Q is: WHY WAS THIS MAN NOT INCARCERATED?

184. And let us not confuse the Age of Enlightenment and of Reason with liberals who protect these murderers......There are some people like Locke and Bacon, Rousseau or Lippman and others but very few.....

185. William Spengler beat his 92 year old grandmother to death. If he had been executed or sentenced to life as he should have been none of this would have happened. It's not always "guns guns guns"... sometimes it's the failure of the criminal justice system. This is a very sad situation and should give the judge who sentenced him something to think about this Christmas.

186. Why was this man released? He beat an old woman to death in cold blood. People like this should at least spend the rest of their lives in prison. Filthy trash. I don't believe in god, but boy do I want him to rot in hell.

187. as a convicted felon how the hell did he get his hands on those guns? somebody needs to answer for this!

188. Another Batshooit crazy guy that should have been in an institution. When will we learn to ignore the ACLU and lock up crazy people again.

189. He beat his grandmother to death with a hammer in 1980. 

Not only was he not sentenced to death, but he was released 17 years later.

190. He killed his grandmother with a hammer-- and served 17 years???????????????

191. So... the guy bashed his grandmas head in with a hammer and only did 17 years?? Who couldnt have geussed there would be another act of violence in this POS' future??

192. This guy killed his grandmother with a hammer, did only 16 years, we should lockup who ever paroled this guy!

193. THAT IS CRAZY HE KILLED HIS ---- Grandmother and they allowed this fool to get out of PRISON. WOW

 194.William Spengler blugeoned his grandmother to death with a hammer.
 Ban construction 

195. how can a felon get weapons? where did he get them? this is a problem that needs correcting.

196. Does anyone else find these attacks strange? Where were they a year ago, I mean honestly one after another?

197. To all of you gun ban enthusiasts this guy murdered his Grandmother in 1980 with a hammer. Why was he out of jail? If you murder your Grandmother with a frikin hammer you should NEVER get out of jail. And by the way he couldn’t legally own any type of gun.

198. Just catch, convict, and execute the murder(s)!
 
199. Don't do a soap opera about motives until you get the perps on trial!
 
200. Oops! I forgot. The perps can't be executed. New York is too civilized for the death penalty. Oh, well, you might as well get operatic over motives, then.

201. To all of you gun ban enthusiasts this guy murdered his Grandmother in 1980 with a hammer. Why was he out of jail? If you murder your Grandmother with a frikin hammer you should NEVER get out of jail. And by the way he couldn’t legally own any type of gun.

202. Just catch, convict, and execute the murder(s)!
 
Don't do a soap opera about motives until you get the perps on trial!
 
Oops! I forgot. The perps can't be executed. New York is too civilized for the death penalty. Oh, well, you might as well get operatic over motives, then.

203. Any of you Gamers ever play Kindergarten Killers? I cant even believe a game like this exists
 “There exists in this country, sadly, a callous, corrupt and corrupting shadow industry that sells and sows violence against its own people,” LaPierre said during the press conference. “Through vicious violent video games, with names like Bulletstorm, Grand Theft Auto, Mortal Kombat and Splatterhouse. And here’s one: It’s called Kindergarten Killers. It’s been online for 10 years. How come my research staff can find it, and all yours couldn’t, or didn’t want anyone to know you’ve found it?”

204. You people on here screaming hysterically for the rights of Americans who have done NOTHING wrong, Yeah, you're the same folks who 70 years ago would've said "Yup, the jews burned our reichstag, let's dis-arm everybody" History wont repeat, I promise.

205. This is a sad day when our first responders become targets. Probably be more copy-cats too seeking out their own(warped) fame.
 
206. The only thing I can tell you for sure is: 
1)if you put a mentally unstable person behind a gun, chances are they will kill. 
2)If you put a stable behind a gun, they don't kill.
 Please provide a reference if you think I'm wrong.
 
207. We need more mental health facilities and the resources to provide such services

208. Absolutely absurd !! I don't even know how to respond to this atrocity !! Just crazy !!

209. Most people become first responders because it's in their blood to help others in need. They don't understand how someone could not get involved in an emergency situation. A tragedy like this will not deter them from responding to the next call.
 My hat's off to you all!

210. There is a lot more to this story, but as ususal it will take days to dribble out on Yahoo.
