DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — 
1. For years, Republicans have adhered fiercely to their bedrock conservative principles, resisting Democratic calls for tax hikes, comprehensive immigration reform and gun control. 
2. Now, seven weeks after an electoral drubbing, some party leaders and rank-and-file alike are signaling a willingness to bend on all three issues.
 3. What long has been a nonstarter for Republicans — raising tax rates on wealthy Americans — is now backed by GOP House Speaker John Boehner in his negotiations with President Barack Obama to avert a potential fiscal crisis. 
4. Party luminaries, including Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, have started calling for a wholesale shift in the GOP's approach to immigration after Hispanic voters shunned Republican candidates. 
5. And some Republicans who previously championed gun rights now are opening the door to restrictions following a schoolhouse shooting spree earlier this month.
 6. "Put guns on the table. 
7. Also, put video games on the table. 
8. Put mental health on the table," Rep. Jack Kingston, R-Ga., said last week. 
9. Other prominent Republicans echoed him in calling for a sweeping review of how to prevent tragedies like the Newtown, Conn., massacre. 
10. Among those who were open to a re-evaluation of the nation's gun policies were Sens. 
11. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., and Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa.
 12. "You've got to take all these things into consideration," Grassley said.
 13. And yet, the head of the National Rifle Association, silent for a week after the Newtown shootings, has proposed staffing schools with armed police, making clear the NRA, which tends to support the GOP, will continue pushing for fewer gun restrictions, not more.
 14. Meanwhile, Boehner's attempt to get his own members on board with a deficit-reduction plan that would raise taxes on incomes of more than $1 million failed last week, exposing the reluctance of many in the Republican caucus to entertain more moderate fiscal positions.
 15. With Republican leaders being pulled at once to the left and to the right, it's too soon to know whether the party that emerges from this identity crisis will be more or less conservative than the one that was once so confident about the 2012 elections. 
16. After all, less than two months have passed since the crushing defeat of GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who moved far to the right during the primary season and, some in the party say, lost the general election as a result.
 17. But what's increasingly clear is that the party is now engaged in an uncomfortable and very public fight over whether its tenets, still firmly held within the party's most devout ranks, conflict with the views of Americans as a whole.
 18. Many Republicans recognize that to remain relevant with voters whose views are changing, they too must change.
 19. "We lost the election because we were out of touch with the American people," said John Weaver, a senior adviser to past presidential candidates John McCain, the GOP nominee in 2008, and Jon Huntsman, who ran for the nomination this year.
 20. The polling suggests as much.
 21. While Republican candidates for years have adamantly opposed tax increases on anyone, an Associated Press-GfK poll earlier this month found roughly half of all Americans supported allowing George W. Bush-era tax cuts to expire on those earning more than $250,000 a year.
 
22. Most GOP candidates — Romney among them — also long have opposed allowing people in the country illegally to get an eventual path to citizenship. 
23. But exit polls from the Nov. 6 election showed most voters favored allowing people working in the U.S. illegally to stay.
 24. And gun control has for decades been anathema to Republicans. 
25. But a Washington Post/ABC News poll published last week, following the Connecticut shooting, showed 54 percent of Americans now favor stronger restrictions.
 26. This is the backdrop as Republicans undergo a period of soul-searching after this fall's electoral shellacking. 
27. Romney became the fifth GOP nominee in six elections to lose the national popular vote to the Democratic candidate. 
28. Republicans also shed seats in their House majority and lost ground to majority Democrats in the Senate.
 29. Of particular concern is the margin of loss among Hispanics, a group Obama won by about 70 percent to 30 percent.
 30. It took only hours after the loss for national GOP leaders to blame Romney for shifting to the right on immigration — and signal that the party must change.
 31. Jindal, a prospective 2016 presidential contender, was among the Republicans calling for a more measured approach by the GOP. 
32. And even previously hardline opponents of immigration reform — like conservative talk show host Sean Hannity — said the party needs to get over its immigration stance heavily favoring border security over other measures.
 33. "What you have is agreement that we as a party need to spend a lot of time and effort on the Latino vote," veteran Republican strategist Charlie Black said.
 34. When Congress returned to Washington after the election to start a debate over taxes and spending, a number of prominent Republicans, including Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, the top Republican on the Senate Finance Committee, signaled they would be willing to abandon their pledges against raising taxes — as long as other conditions were met — as part of a package of proposals to avoid a catastrophic budget meltdown.
 35. Leading the effort was Boehner, who has told Obama he would allow taxes to be increased on the wealthiest Americans, as well as on capital gains, estates and dividends, as part of a deal including spending cuts and provisions to slow the growth of entitlements. 
36. Obama, meanwhile, also has made concessions in the talks to avoid the so-called fiscal cliff by agreeing to a higher income threshold for tax rate increases, while insisting that Congress grant him the authority to raise the debt ceiling. 
37. Both sides have spent the past several weeks bickering over the terms.
 38. While some Democrats quickly called for more stringent gun laws, most Republicans initially were silent. 
39. And their virtual absence from the debate suggested that some Republicans who champion gun rights at least may have been reconsidering their stances against firearms restrictions.
 40. By the Monday after the Connecticut shooting, MSNBC talk show host Joe Scarborough, a former Republican congressman from Florida, called for reinstating the ban on assault-style weapons, which he had opposed. 
41. The ban expired in 2004, despite support for the ban from Republican President George W. Bush. 
42. Referring to the shooting, Scarborough said: "I knew that day that the ideologies of my past career were no longer relevant to the future that I want, that I demand, for my children."
 43. The next day, Grassley and Kingston were among the Republicans saying they were at least willing to discuss stronger gun laws.
 44. "The party is at a point where it wants to have those discussions in public, where people feel comfortable differing from what is perceived as the party orthodoxy," Republican consultant Dan Hazelwood said.
 45. If silence is a signal, shifts on other issues could be coming, chief among them gay marriage, which the GOP base long has opposed. 
46. Exit polls found half of all Americans say same-sex marriage should be legally recognized.
 47. After three states — Washington, Maryland and Maine — voted to legalize gay marriage last month, the Republican leadership generally has remained quiet on the issue. 
48. And there has been no effort in the House or Senate to push major legislation, only narrower proposals, such as a move in the Armed Services Committee to bar gay marriages at military facilities.
 49. But in a sign that the fight over gay marriage also may be waning within the GOP base, Newt Gingrich said it was time for Republicans to accept shifting public opinion.
 50. The former House speaker, who oversaw passage of the Defense of Marriage Act in Congress and helped finance state campaigns to fight gay marriage in 2010, said in a Huffington Post interview that the party should work toward acceptance of rights for gay couples, while still distinguishing them from marriage.
 51. "The momentum is clearly now in the direction in finding some way to . accommodate and deal with reality," Gingrich said.
 52. Lederman reported from Washington. Associated Press writers Donna Cassata and Dennis Junius in Washington contributed to this report.
 
___
 
Follow Thomas Beaumont on Twitter: https://twitter.com/TomBeaumont
 
Follow Josh Lederman on Twitter: https://twitter.com/joshledermanAP

Comments:
1. Elections. Always the elections. It's not even a month since the last one and all they can do is plan for the next one instead of doing what they were elected to do. WORK.

2. AIRNAVY it's basically people thinking it's not the republicans in office that are causing the problem its the democrats that's how they get voted back in vice versa. If people would stop voting based on party or based on blame they would get voted out.

3. Serve the People...that's the only reality you should be concerned with...these politicians, all they worry about is their power trip.

4. How our leaders keep their jobs,most of them......wait for it.......gerry mandering district.......the people losing their voting power and the fools don't know it......and this why congress does what they do.....nothing!.

5. What was all the whoopity - bang about a Jan 1 deadline about ? These politicians and gov't "advisers" get paid for nothing. What a cheat to the American taxpayer and citizen.

6. Actually, it's pretty simple. The GOP needs to get back to what it stood for when I was growing up - spend frugally, pay your bills, and stay the hell out of the personal lives of American citizens. Eisenhower, Hugh Scott, Barry Goldwater, Bill Scranton, George Romney would be appalled by what the Republican Party has become.

7. Facts are this has been heading downhill for 40 years. A lot of greedy people have ruined this. This won't be fixed for a long time if it can be.

8. put video games on the table? Kind of reminds me of during the 1950s when comic books were "put on the table" due to them being to "horrific and violent."

9. Try......Common Sense and Compromise! That is the only way the USA has survived since 1776!

10. When this nation have our working people training overseas people for our jobs at the same time the people knowing they about to lose their jobs to cheap labor.........something is very wrong happening in this country.....wake the f....up common folks!

11. Republicans and Democrats are playing the American Public like a FIDDLE!!!!

12. Meanwhile our citizens are placed last as tthe politicians vie to stay in power.

13.  What do you call someone who votes against their moral fiber in hopes that they will gain finacially?

14. When republicans put people like crapo on a high horse they will never go anywhere

15. Middle class wealth has declined vs upper income wealth over the last three decades. For the economy to expand the middle class must have jobs and be strong. If there is demand for products more people will be put back to work. This expands the tax base. Tax cuts for the rich do not create jobs if the middle class is too straped and not buying products. The wealthy are sitting on trillions now. They can't create jobs if no one is buying....

16. Typical politicians practicing the 11th Commendment (protect thine own #$%$). You just cannot trust politicians who lie & cheat to stay on the job. They never look out for us only themselves.

17. The whole point of having multiple parties is so that we can have a blended representation of the people. This hard line, my way or no way from either side isn't representation. Nobody is right all of the time.

18. Lets go back to the Reagan Era tax rates...the people earning over 250K were paying 45% with FEWER deductions, and that was AFTER they lowered them

19. America has long been a slightly right-of-center country. The keyword is "slight". Somehow or another we have extremes on either side of the political spectrum that have managed to destabilize and polarize the country. We need to find our way back to the center because if either extreme is allowed to gain too much control, we are in major trouble - and we're headed that way now folks; whether you choose to believe it or not.

20. Our politicians are elected to represent big money companies, the sad thing is we keep electing them.

And their focus is still on getting elected. How about doing what you were elected to do. Maybe that would change your image.

21. Corporate profits at an all time high
 CEO pay / compensation at all time highs
 The top 2% has enjoyed a 280% increase in profits since the 80's
 Wall Street is over 13,000
 The US now has 1920's levels of income inequality
 Taxes on the rich at all time lows...
 
22. ...and NOW the GOP is willing to "bend" a little? Please Obama, forget thes fools!

23. So they are trying to blame the AMERICAN people? Maybe it's because they aren't? Both parties seem to lean more towards control of the people instead of instead of BEING one. It's very similar to the way the Muslim Brotherhood works. They "bend" enough to get control, then once they do, they start tightening the noose. The founding fathers were smart men at the time and they knew that some things were going to change so when they wrote the Constution they put in necessary "loopholes". There were a lot of issues that they didn't address directly. Because quite a few of them were "slave" owners, the statement that "all men are created equal" didn't apply to slaves, white women, natives or "foreigners". The problem with the Constution is that some people want to read it as if it was chisled in stone for the things that they like but isn't worth the powder to blow it to heck if it's NOT something that they feel affects them. Gun control shouldn't be an issue but because the founding fathers realized that not only a standing Army was needed, but so were citizens that would be willing to take up arms if the need should arise. The average family in that time frame need to own a weapon to put food on the table. In fact for a very long time blacks, natives, women and chinese were NOT allowed to have guns or even use them for hunting, hence the "reservation stores" that were to supply the natives with food and clothing so they wouldn't be allowed to have guns. They also knew that has the country grew it was going to be more costly to run, so they put the "taxation" clause into the Constution, giving the government the right to raise revenues when needed. And they wisely left "marriage" out of the whole equation. NOT because they felt that marriage was between a man and a woman. Marriage was something that belonged to the church, it was strickly a religious ceremony. Women were NOT allowed to own property, that's why it was so important to have a son if you had property. Things are changing every second almost, so the basic premise of the Constution was a good idea, but it has to be "updated" from time to time. I'm sure the founding fathers NEVER envisioned things like the Internet, radios, TV, airplanes, open heart surgery, organ replacements, etc., etc.. Right now, it seems that Republicans want to "go back" to a time where things and people don't change. Yet if the change is in their favor, they're all for it. Until we get rid of the Lobbists and the Corporate control of the Government the rights of "free thinking people" are doomed.

24. Does anyone really believe that putting lipstick on a pig, will turn it into a beauty queen??

25. FIRST ON THEIR AGENDA.....A PAY INCREASE. Then they will get down to screwing us.

26. A NEW 3rd party that represents the middle class is needed, not one that represents Wall St Banks, foreign governments, illegal aliens, job losing trade deals, crooked corporations. ect

27. Where is it in the Constitution that US jobs are to be sent overseas, nation building other nations is more important than our own, fiscal usury has no limits, 50% don't have to pay taxes, the Congress will be at the top of a caste system, ----????? Is it really that hard to figure things out?

28. its not the people they serve
 its big money and business
 they know thats where they make their money

29. The problem is your the part of conservatism which is NOT a bad thing, the problem the GOP has is that it has been hijacked by a bunch of whack jobs that are making you look like the party of hate and stupidity. There needs to be a balance of power between Democrats and Republicans and like it, but when one side is NOT willing to budge on issues and signs a stupid letter from a toad like Grover Norquist you have much deeper problems.

30. Trickle down gop policy working well,50 million of common folks are poor,and the gop party want to raise the age for medicare,cut ss,cut medicade,cut meals on wheels for the poor elderly...........this the gop ideas,in the mean time don't raise taxes on the so called job creator.......hostess killed 18,000 jobs,the job creators.......god help the people who needs the help in this country,because our leaders are not doing ot......

31. I wish BOTH parties would fade away and we could get some real leadership from folks who aren't bound by stupid idealogy from the extreme fringes of monopolizing parties. They control the electorate by making up rules to exclude anyone from outside the two parties from ever having a chance to win elections and we all sit back and let them. Then when we get no results we all feign like it's always the other party when in fact it's both of them playing us for suckers each and every time. This country is going to keep failing if we follow only one parties ideals and will fail faster if we keep letting them create these ridiculous "crisis" that are made up to keep them looking like the ones who want to fix it yet can't because the other side won't bend. Well if we had a differing viewpoint who was offering up ideas instead of party rhetoric we might actually be getting something done. But I can see come election time 2014 all of us will simply be voting for one or the other of these two corrupt as hell parties and all real good candidates will be kept from the main stage and leep people from asking the questions that need to be answered. We won't fail because of gay marriage, we won't fail because of the enviornment. We will fail as a country because we fail to hold ALL of our politicians accountable for their own past actions or any of their words. Case in point was this last election. We all think Congress is a failure and needs to change yet we returned so many of the same lifetime losers to their strongly held posts and now expect different results. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again with the expectation of a different result. Which means we are all as crazy as the useless #$%$ we elect each year to #$%$ on our heads and tell us it's only rain.

32. I bet in 2013 when it comes time to decide if Congress gets a pay raise, bipartisanship won't be a problem.

33. "What you have is agreement that we as a party need to spend a lot of time and effort on the Latino vote," veteran Republican strategist Charlie Black said
 
No that's NOT what you should spend time on.. But rather spend time doing what is in the best interest of this nation.. Not chasing votes..

34. The Tea party needs to split from the Republican party and be their own party.

35. Here's an idea, stop blaming the politicians you elected into office, stop buying things you cannot afford, pay all your debts, instead of blaming everyone else for your failures, blame yourselves!
 
36. Keeping up with the Kardashian's is killing you all, but your too stupid to stop yourselves from spending. There are much bigger things in life!
 
37. No one gave me anything and I have everything I want. When things don't go my way, I try my hardest to fix them, stop being a bunch of losers, except what you have done and move on.

38. When the highest court in the land,let corporation in our election as people game over,one billionaire can buy congress or the senate.........if someone running for president,billions to win..........common folks are wondering why are leaders are not doing anything for common folks.........there you go.......

39. The critical starting point is to accept the fact that many of today’s debts will never be repaid and to embrace debt restructuring and defaults. Current policies, designed to avoid that outcome, only postpone the ultimate resolution of the crisis and will result in even bigger losses down the road. Better to move quickly and act now, despite the likelihood of considerable near-term pain.

40. When a Congressman signs a pledge 25 years ago and he is still in office after all this mess, it should be obvious that term limits are the only thing that will get rid of this morose government.

41. The Republicans are still feeling a hangover from the Bush years-and I am not even referring to the state of the US economy, as many Democrats would. Lets be blunt; Bush's 8 years were full of big spending and big government, and if left a lot of Republicans feeling deflated and disillusioned-a huge part of their refusal to compromise wth Obama is because they feel that supporting a big spender like Bush is what cost them the election in 08, but that is only partially right. And what's more, Bush never groomed any potential successors and his unpopularity cost the GOP a pair of harsh election losses that wiped out any possible contenders they had at the time, leaving the party leaderless. Take a look at the Hill: Boehner, McConnel, and Cantor are what pass for leadership in the Republican party right now, heck, Romney was all they could manage to scrape up for the election. Without any leadership, and without a firm idea of what they stand for, the GOP has been a cacophony of competing voices without any real direction for the last four years. I am actually relieved to see more Republicans standing up an trying to suggest new directions for the party-thats called leading, something they sorely need right now.

42. The great masses of the people will more easily fall victims to a big lie than to a small one. 
Adolf Hitler

43. Which GOP are you talking about, writer? There's at least two, ya know. There's the traditional GOP'rs, who would compromise if allowed to, and then there's the Koch Bros' republicans who not only can't compromise, but would like to see the whole government fold up like a wet soda cracker, and take the whole middle class with it.

44. We really need a third party to represent all of the moderates, instead of the left and right fringes.

45. This Republican party is not Republican. They don't resemble Reagan Republicans. It's not that they've lost touch with the American people, its that they've been bought and no longer work for the American people. Saying they have lost touch is sugar coating the truth. They have failed to do the job they were elected to do. Their ideology is more important to them than the people who elected them. What about the Norquist pledge. Get rid of Norquist. He is the one who is threatening them, and for what. He's a nut ball. Get rid of him.

46. If the common folk start to put pressure on our so call leaders,and don't let these snakes divied us, we can get something done for our country and her people.......

47. What I can't understand is if the majority of the rich are saying tax them, then what is the argument about raising taxes on the rich? Aren't they supposed to do what the AMERICAN PEOPLE want them to do?

48. Bobby Jindal just slashed funding for hospice care in Louisiana. So terminally ill people in this state will now be shipped back to hospital rooms at 5,000 dollars per day, or simply tossed into the street to die. As far as illegal immigrants are concerned, who hires them? Republicans. Who withholds their pay after the job is finshed and threatens to report them to Immigration? Republicans. How many patriotic, red-blooded American business owners are serving time in prison for having illegals on their payroll? Not one. So much for your bedrock, conservative principles. If Jundal does run for President, the Democrats will shred him...

49. The Wealthy have been enjoying their tax break for years without investing it,time to pay up including closing their loopholes. At the same time,the Democrats have to stop their drunken spending spree,national tax and welfare reform are needed.

50. When faced with projections of the cost of putting police in the school they decided "volunteers" could do the job. Doesn't that make you feel safe? Having a George Zimmerman in every classroom?

51. What election? The election is over! If they are talking about the one in 2 years, then that means they are hoping that they will take control of both houses, which means they plan on doing nothing!

52. How do you define a poor representative? Someone who doesn't listen or compromise with anyone including within their own political party. No one wants us to go over the cliff and see taxes skyrocket.

53. The republicans loose either way. They act like a bunch of children.Listen republiboobs you lost the election. You lost . America didn't want your policies. Get the F@@@ out of here!

54. They say that they're willing to "bend" on some issues, but it hasn't happened yet. Seems like the same old ploy- a little lip service to show their "concern" then back to the same-old same-old.

55. There has never been better chances for a new party that is fiscally conservative and abstains from all the social issues (which were never supposed to be dictated by Government in the first place. Ron Paul should have started that new party rather than retire

56. GOP too big to fail, right? It is not uncommon for political parties to lose all their power in other countries. If the party is not worthy, and certainly the GOP is not worthy, then it is better for the people. It removes a roadblock to progress. It removes huge frustration. This fiscal cliff thing is simple to solve. I think the president should simply do it with an executive order then take the year to resolve spending cuts. I could do this within 8 hours and it would be better than anything the turmoil causing GOP can do. Heck, i could do it in 6 hours and you probably can do it in 4. It is that simple. Eliminate the tax hike on the poor/middle. Increase a few % on people making over $250,000. oooops you want it to be $350,000, OK maKE IT $350,000

57. Republicans should be used to bending over and taking it after the last two presidential elections...

58. If the GOP wants to resolve its internal contridictions, the solution is very simple: put the good of the country first and lose the rigid ideology. You can take a conservaative approach without being a mindless follower of right-wing doctrines, whehter they are being pushed by Grover Norquist, far right churches or the NRA.

59. "The momentum is clearly now in the direction in finding some way to accommodate and deal with reality." - yes Newt, the GOP has been out of touch and delusional for some time now. It's nice to hear from one of their own.

60. Come on now. Just become one party already and get it the hell over with. We know that is what you folks are pushing for.

61. I am a very liberal person, but I would not give up on my beliefs based solely on the idea of losing an election. If they came out and said they were wrong, that would be one thing, but that they are talking about changing solely because they are unpopular shows a lack of integrity.

62. In this country we live with a false perception that there are these things called the "Right" and the "Left", and that each is neatly embodied in the Republican and Democratic parties respectively. But this is false. What we have are two large parties that are, in reality, not internally unified on every issue. Indeed, we falsely assume that issues even can always be specifically aligned with the Right or the Left. 

63. Ironically, the rich paid MUCH higher taxes during the conservative glory days of Eisenhower, and in actual fact even paid higher taxes under the much-beloved Reagan than they do under Obama! At one time conservative politicians had no problem with arguing that costly national endeavors, like wars, necessitated higher taxes to cover the costs. 

64. On the other hand, some modern issues divide parties internally. There are Republicans who support same-sex marriage and Democrats who oppose it. Party affiliation alone does not always define position on issues.
 
65. In truth, both the Democrats and the Republicans are conglomerates of what should be many more political parties instead living in uncomfortable clumps. This is most visible with the Republicans and the so-called Tea Party, which spends as much time fighting with the rest of the GOP as they do with the Dems, and are really only in the GOP because they like having access to RNC campaign funds and electoral infrastructure to be self-sufficient and stand as their own party.

66. Bad News Boehner throw poor folks under the bus you know, he only for rich people! noimsayin'

67. GOP: We HATE our Government.
 Elect us and we'll Prove the gov't doesn't work
 by Sabotaging it at every opportunity.
 We Are KOOKs. Why do you vote for us???

68. I'm still waiting for the Republicans to get their story straight. One article says they're willing to compromise now while the next says they're still determined to march off the cliff in lock-step to the maniacal beat of Grover Norquist's drum.

69. Romney had his Sybil moments and now the Republican party is having their civil war I don't think I would want to be anywhere near these rooms.

70. Proverbs 28:22
 A stingy man is eager to get rich and is unaware that poverty awaits him.

71. "For years, Republicans have adhered fiercely to their bedrock conservative principles"
 
Like wanting more tax cuts but more spending on their pet projects. Like starting wars and cutting taxes at the same time. Like borrowing more money from the Chinese so that the rich can pay less taxes. Like cutting programs to help Americans. Some bedrock principles, some conservative principles, some hogwash.

72. Why would we ever want to raise taxes? The last time we did it created 23 million jobs. Who would want something that terrible to happen?

73. Who is in charge of the Republican'ts? Boehner, Cantor, Rush, Grover, LaPierre, Palin, Trump - who??? Do they know??

74. The Republican Party allowed their Party to be hi-jacked by the Tea Party Movement. Now the Republican Party have been reduced to a weak secondary party within the dysfunctional TeaPublican Party. John Boehner has no influence over the House. 

75. the Teapublicans allow America to "go over the fiscal cliff" in January, than the 2014 mid-term elections won't be kind to the Teapublican Party and rightfully so....

76. Love & compassion are fleeting... empathy & kindness are lost to our base needs & daily stresses... forgiveness is now viewed as weakness. Cooperation a sin. Acceptance a crime.
 
But HATE.... hate lasts. 

Hate fills us with self-righteous resolve... 

77. Call it what you will.... hate, loathing, disgust... the simple truth is, most of us are venomous and filled with long lasting spite for those we've been told are our enemies....
 
And the powers that wish to remain in power use that hate.... they nurse it... feed it... they bond with us.... point out our "common" enemies... the cause of all our misery... they find the ONES TO BLAME. And we hate them.
 
78. Just remember... you can NEVER complain about being part of the world YOU yourself help create.

79. The problem for modern Repubs is that their holy grail/Quran/Bible is an unquestioned belief in Capitalism and its ability to create enough new jobs for the people. I'd agree that the private sector should be the first source for job creation; but sometimes economies are in-between the "next big thing." That new industry capable of generating whole new industries or sectors of employment. That thing could be the automobile back in the day; or the cellphone revolution, or the rise of personal computing, the rise of the internet, the rise of social media. We haven't had that next "new thing," in quite sometime, yet we need to create 250,000 jobs a month just to keep up w/ population growth. In fact, I really dont see how that's going to happen in a world where I-Phones, robotics, and computers actually reduce the need for human labor and eliminate entire economic sectors. Couple that with multi-nationals who can hire labor from any country in the world, and you've got a world where the value of a man's work is just going down, down, down. Repubs have no answer for that since they can never question Capitalism's effectiveness publicly; but is it effective for the common man?

80. More spending and more debt with lower revenues brings about a higher unemployment rate along with a failing economy

81. It's a sad day for America when the fact that our Representatives are willing to work with one another is "news".

82. "We lost the election because we were out of touch with the American people," So, these bedrock, immutable pricincples? Not so immutable if it could help them keep power.

83. Just fyi "True Patriot" is a notorious paid shill working out of China. He pops up in all of these articles cutting and pasting political propaganda. One time he forgot to change his location, and it showed him in Chizhou, China. Sometimes he uses aliases, and he has a "female" sidekick who writes in pidgin English.

84. The debates on all things political will resume as soon as the liberals in charge are certain that The Norquist PLedge is not who and what they are debating against! The lobbyists can not continue to control the entire GOP!

85. Protect the rich
 protect the NRA
 protect Military lobbyist
 protect those campaign funds !!!!!

86. I am a life long Moderate Republican, and I will vote straight Democrat until the Tea Party forms their own party and leaves my Republican Party. My Republican Party has become Fascists in nature, and I reject their Fascist Platform of "My way or the Highway."
 
87. As far as I am concerned, Tea Party members are KKK members who know longer wear hoods in the dead of night.

88. Tea Party nuts lost across the country and still some in their dying party say they need to be more conservative.

89. There's still a lot of conservatives out there who literally cannot comprehend the fact that they lost the election. They were told by Fox that Romney was winning. Pollsters on conservative talk radio proclaimed that a Romney victory was inevitable. I think it's remarkable that virtually none of them have thought to question what they were told.

90. "The party is at a point where it wants to have those discussions in public, where people feel comfortable differing from what is perceived as the party orthodoxy," Republican consultant Dan Hazelwood said. Well fine. Here's my problem with all politicians: just do the right thing all the time, not when your party feels threatened. You won't make as much money but you'll sleep better.

91. Regardless of who bends, the followoing is certain: One segment of society is on their way to avoid any economic stress at all...the politicians!! They have it made. They tell us they don't have enough money to give us things that we want. SO they take money from us, to bribe us to give them our vote. Once they get our vote, the get elected and get paid $174,000 per year plus too many perks to name. Every election they beg for more money from us so they can buy our votes with our own money so they can get re-elected. After they do this for say 6-7 terms, they are set for life. They are loaded with money and have a retirement plan and healthcare plan that would make a billionaire blush. They retire in luxury and we are br ke because for decades we gave them our money so they could buy our vote with our money, so they could get rich and retire in style. How cool is that!!!???

92. Republican Beliefs
 
Things you have to believe to be a Republican today: 

Saddam was a good guy when Reagan armed him, a bad guy when Bush's daddy made war on him, a good guy when Cheney did business with him, and a bad guy when Bush needed a "we can't find Bin Laden" diversion. 

Trade with Cuba is wrong because the country is communist, but trade with China and Vietnam is vital to a spirit of international harmony. 

The United States should get out of the United Nations, and our highest national priority is enforcing U.N. resolutions against Iraq. 

A woman can't be trusted with decisions about her own body, but multi-national corporations can make decisions affecting all mankind without regulation. 

Jesus loves you, and shares your hatred of homosexuals and Hillary Clinton. 

The best way to improve military morale is to praise the troops in speeches while slashing veterans' benefits and combat pay. 

If condoms are kept out of schools, adolescents won't have sex. 

A good way to fight terrorism is to belittle our long-time allies, then demand their cooperation and money. 

Providing health care to all Iraqis is sound policy. Providing health care to all Americans is socialism. 

HMOs and insurance companies have the best interests of the public at heart. 

Global warming and tobacco's link to cancer are junk science, but creationism should be taught in schools. 

A president lying about an extramarital affair is a impeachable offense. A president lying to enlist support for a war in which thousands die is solid defense policy. 

Government should limit itself to the powers named in the Constitution, which include banning gay marriages and censoring the Internet. 

The public has a right to know about Hillary's cattle trades, but George Bush's drunk driving record and cocaine arrest are none of our business. 

Being a drug addict is a moral failing and a crime, unless you're a conservative radio host. Then it's an illness, and you need our prayers for your recovery. 

You support states' rights, which means Attorney General John Ashcroft can tell states what local voter initiatives they have the right to adopt. 

Clinton's business interests in the 1970s in which he lost money are of vital national interest, but Bush's activities in the 1980s in which he made money under questionable circumstances is unimportant.

93. Raising taxes on the wealthy may be necessary but without major spending cuts our deficit will continue to grow and land America into a financial and job crisis such that we have never seen or imagined. Our politicians need to show some backbone and make the hard decisions that will save us from severe economic consequences.

94. "After its drubbing in the election, the party has faced a strange new political reality."
 
If that were true, we wouldn't have seen the "Plan B" fiasco last week.

95. nothing will change until we elect new common sense folks in washington and somehow break the backs of the lobbyists and big money.

96. If I don't have enough money to pay what I owe I get stressed out and worry about how I can keep going. How come the politicians don't think anything about being $16 trillion in debt and wanting to borrow more.

97. Forget about keeping taxes low on the super-wealthy. Even they apparently want to be taxed more. Instead, protect the rest of us from having our employer health insurance taxed. This would be a devastating tax hit.

98. They need to stop spending on war after war after war. We cant afford it.

99. can't they just sit over coffee cheesecake and discuss . how dificult could it be

100. Actually it is many of the American people that are out of touch with what is about to happen to us economically. This country is changing and it is not for the better.

101. The message to the GOP is rather clear. It is even reflected in the comments on this site, traditionally dominated by anti-Obama rants and name calling. Now people are simply fed up with this rigid ideological extremism, including pledges to unelected people like Norquist, stupid racist rants, and other nonsense fueled by the Fox-Rush entertainment machine.
 
102. As Americans we have to work together and get things done ... always have and always will. We can't afford to let hate and obstruction get in the way of common sense approaches to problems we face. The wingnuts had their chance in 2010 and blew it completely. That was the high water mark of the zaniness of America's right wing. Forward!

103. Anyone care to name a single war that wasn't paid for with new taxes?? Other than, of course, our current wars..... As much as we don't like taxes it's time to start paying the bills. I also think that with any revenue increase we need at least equal spending cuts!

104. PFFFT!! Tell me something I don't know- that are facts- Speculation is a guess [duh] Sorry A/P, you cannot rehash old item & pretend they are new.. Fool me once [ I thought you actually had something to say] shame on you but this is like the umpteenth million time- Shame on me

105. no matter what party they are a member of it's all about the vote. they could care less about the guns, the laws or the people. it's all about the vote.

106. Anyone who makes up their minds before they hit the issues is a fool. You can't be liberal all the time or conservative all the time. Take me for instance; on drugs, I'm conservative, but on prostitution, I'm liberal!

107. First, they have to throw away everything the GOP stands for.
 Second, they have to take a good look at the reality of America today.
 Third, they have to come up with a plan to HELP and IMPROVE America.
 Fourth, they have to focus on governing the country, not fighting the democrats.
 Fifth,...

108. Our politicians smiling in our faces and backstabbing the common folks at the same time......to bad some of us can't see this......

109. With their economic policies having been proven utterly bankrupt, yet again, the Gang Of Plutocrats, representing the rightwing of the elite, had no other choice but to rely on the most backward idiotological wing of the populace in order to get any votes at all. This took a whole lotta money, but all for naught. Down the old toilet it went, and so did the strategery as the demographic base shifted further along than they had banked on. Now they're stuck, with a dissolving base, a bankrupt economic policy, plus a demonstrated political reputation as obstructionists. They need to be run out of Congress in 2014, for the good of America.

110. Republicans raised the debt ceiling 11 times when shrub was president. We didn't hear a single word about it till now.

111. The only way to win the Republican primaries was by being as far-right as one could possibly be, but that was a recipe for defeat in the election itself.

112. Anyone towing a party line should have their name put on a list to be voted out ASAP. We don't need more hard line party politics! We need balanced middle ground solutions from a congress that is willing to work together. Make social program cuts that match revenue from ending the tax stimulus on the wealthy just as a starting point!

113. The USA is a REPRESENTATIVE GOVERNMENT... that means lawmakers are supposed to modify their positions after big elections. They govern FOR THE PEOPLE, not for themselves.

114.As a former Republican, I think Bush killed the GOP. Lies. Two unfunded wars. A budget surplus turned into a 500 billion dollar deficit. He tried to give illegals amnesty. People don't trust Republicans anymore.

115. DEMOCRATS.
 TOTAL CONTROL of the House of Representative for 2 1/2 YEARS under Pelosi.
 RESULT: Not one jobs bill in that entire time, in complete, full control.
 ......and they doubled the national debt too.
 REMEMBER TIM P??....REMEMBER??

116. I was all for Reagan until he raised my taxes and made the tax code impossibly difficult with his "Tax Simplification." So I began watching what the Republicans were actually doing, they sounded so nice as they did many bad things to small businesses.

117. It's Nice to know that the Republicans are in the minority,
 AND a Declining Demographic.
 Gerrymandering the House won't last. (Dems got MORE House Votes too).
 Good Riddance...

118. Republicans should worry less about pleasing Grover Norquist and concentrate on the well being of all Americans not just the rich and corporate America.

119. If you rob Peter to pay Paul, you will always have the support of Paul. The producers among us are out numbered. It is just that simple.

120. Lower all taxes on everyone and learn to live within a budget like I do. Stop the pork barrel sending, stop the foreign aid to countries that will hate us for free, end the Afghan war, stop trying to police the world and the list goes on. Wake up you can’t afford it anymore!

121. The GOP has become nothing more than “Democrat Lite” and has been to one extent or another since Reagan. The GOP has abandoned its core values and supporters. After 40 years as a registered Republican, I find no reason to continue to support or vote their ticket. It IS time for a third party, the Republican party of Reagan, not RINO’s.

122. Too many cooks in the Kitchen is the GOP's problem???? How about NO COOK in the OVAL OFFICE, how's that workin' for you?

123. Why does Obama's anti-American liberal propaganda media keep saying the GOP took a drubbing in November? It was very near to a 50-50 slpit. That is not a drubbing.

124. "We lost the election because we were out of touch with the American people," said John Weaver.
 
The heard the message but they don't know what it meant. Continue with their intransigence and the party of no will soon become the party of no more.

125. BIG CLUE - Trickle Down, Deregulation and "off-buget" wars DON'T WORK. Trickle Down is a myth, deregulation of the financial system just lets Wall Street rip everyone off and wars take money out of the economy. DUH. GOP - RIH (Rot in Hell)

126. "The flaw in the system I acknowledged was an ability to fully understand the state of potential risks that were fully untested… That means we were under-capitalizing the banking system for 40 or 50 years.” 

- Fmr. Fed Chair Alan Greenspan, FCIC Hearing

127. Taxing and spending is no longer going to help only trade issues will fix what is broken here.

128. Rubio supports the crazy NRA "good guys with guns" needed at schools. Time to start a recall petition ??? not even cuban-americans support this guy anymore.

129. George Washington was against political parties. At the very least we need a viable third party.

130. I believe that's also known in the scientific community as "what happens when you lose."

131. No budget ,no pay,right congress......these people can not agree on a budget......

132. How about getting the job done and taking a pay cut like the rest of America. That would be a good start instead of worrying about winning the next fken election! DO YOUR JOB!!!!!!!!!!!

133. No, Republicans are still acting like Donkihote. They are still fighting a battle they have lost , some time ago.

134. Yeah, bend over and take it up the #$%$ from Rush, the Koch brothers and Carl Rove's SuperPAC.

135. GROVER NORQUIST IS THE JEFFERSON DAVIS OF THE 21rst CENTURY, apparently...

136. Both parties have been guilty of pandering to the lobbyists. We need to have statesmen who pander to the people. Quit listening to the extremists and the pocket-fillers, and start to listen to the people who actually live their lives honestly.

137. Until, and it is not going to happen, Congressmen start listening to the will of the people instead of the lobbyist there will only be lip service about yielding to the will of the people.. Our representatives have figured out that as they get bucks and endorsements from lobbyist, they can spin their way back into office. Campaign bucks buy elections. You will believe the propaganda, advertisement, and finger pointing even though you witnessed the actions of our elected officials. Ergo, they serve the lobbyist who can get them reelected.

138. Quite simply, Americans are tired of the extremism in the GOP. Their ranks will continue to dwindle until they move from the far right.

139. Dear Tea Party,
 
Please go away. You are making us look bad.
 
Yours truly,
 A Realistic Conservative

140. Put video games on the table? I have been playing them since the initial release of the Atari 2600 and you don't see me picking up a gun. Based on video games causing violence, based on all the hours I logged on one game this year, a whole bunch of you should have taken an arrow to the knee. Video games don't cause violence.

141. TAGG or TRAKK, Mitt's baby girl said her da-da didn't wanna be Prez. So, he just wasted the GOP's opportunity to find someone of caliber that actually wanted the job. What a shame!

142. Our problem is we have larger businesses paying next to nothing in taxes and still sending jobs overseas while smaller businesses who keep jobs here paying the burden of taxes that force them to go out-of-business! Everyone keeps saying we need a fairer system yet our leaders are doing nothing to fix this.

143. It's sad, but in America these days it's not the best person that wins, it's the one that tells the most and biggest lies that wins

144. This is the problem. The GOPers should not be laying out "tactics" but coming up with solutions . If they want to get back to winning elections they should try to lead with ideas that unify not divide the country, which caused them the losses in the last election. This is not rocket science, just logic.

145. Just dont approve any new spending and make the libs cover the cost. The country is bascially gone, to many #$%$ leeching off those who are productive. It was great while it lasted but time to look to canada, australia, new zealand, austria to live.

146. Tax payers hated and needed at the same time, sort of like crack dealers in modern parlance!

147. Dims, nothing but stale, failed ideas, always looking backward, never forward.

148. Hogwash! The government is a 2 way street, and spending money this country doesn't have is called mismanagement!

149. The GOP loves TV and half of their party lives off it. The squeaky wheel don't get oiled anymore and you can't #$%$ on and #$%$ all of the people at once. The sad part is that if you 'brown shirts' havent noticed 'you have no leader' period and the shi- ship is sinking.

150. When is Congress and both parties going to realize we want progress? 2008 kicked the GOP in the butt. 2010 kicked the Dems in the butt. 2012 kicked the GOP again. Ideology alone is not going to cut it. You have to actually do something besides block the other guys.

151.the republican party is the party of stale ideas, of dying old men and the need to be a theocracy its time for this party to finish dying. its past its time and 95 percent of america has grown up and passed them, leaving their archaic ideas behind

152. It is what it is. Own the bank, print your own money, do what you want. Simple enough.

153. As a republican, the party needs to stop treating us as brood sows! It's stand against illegal aliens and against firearms restrictions is correct. We don't need to raise taxes unles it is on the poor. We need to stop welfare. the lazy animals can get jobs and work like I do.

154. #$%$em! Republicans want the middle class to pay $10 for a gallon of milk.
