Correction: A previous version of this story misstated the state Sen. Mary Landrieu represents. It is Louisiana.
 
1. President Obama’s call for Congress to show the “courage” to consider new gun-control laws was aimed at Republicans, but he faces challenges with members of his own party who have a history of cowering from the gun debate.
 2. The shooting deaths of 20 children and six adults at a Connecticut elementary school last week exposed how divided Democrats have been on gun control.  
3. It also demonstrated that, along with the current president, Democrats have failed to champion reforms after previous acts of mass violence. 
4. While Republicans held the line on gun control, Democrats largely ducked, ever since they ratified the assault-weapons ban in 1994 and saw their majority in Congress disappear.
 5. Gun-control advocates face familiar challenges in keeping Democrats unified. 
6. The most vulnerable Democratic senators in 2014 hail from rural states where hunting is popular and guns are ubiquitous: Mark Begich of Alaska, Mary Landrieu of Louisiana, Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Kay Hagan of North Carolina, Max Baucus of Montana, Tim Johnson of South Dakota, and Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia. (Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., who was staunchly pro-gun during his 2010 and 2012 campaigns but now says he’s open to a debate, is not up for reelection for another six years. Same with Joe Donnelly of Indiana, who is also reconsidering his opposition to gun control as he transitions from congressman to senator and doesn’t face another election until 2018.)
 7. The evolutions underscore how polarized the country is over gun control. 
8. Republicans, many of whom hail from rural, gun-owning states and districts, and the smaller number of Democrats that represent like-minded parts of the country, are responding as much to their constituents as to the powerful National Rifle Association lobby when opposing measures that come before Congress. 
 9. “There’s no question that the leadership of the party made a conscious decision years ago to walk away from the issue at all levels,” said Democratic lobbyist Steve Elmendorf, a top Capitol Hill adviser when the assault-weapons ban passed. 
10. “They figured they weren’t getting any credit for it, and they were getting hurt. 
11. I do think the situation [in Connecticut] could change that.”
 12. The changing political calculus for some Democrats on gun control is starkly exemplified by Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who recently boasted that he “stood by [Bill] Clinton’s side” as a top adviser when he signed the 1994 assault-weapons ban.  
13. But years later, Emanuel helped elect numerous pro-gun candidates--and bragged about their Second Amendment bona fides--as he spearheaded the Democratic takeover of Congress in 2006. 
14. He was President Obama’s chief of staff in 2010 when the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence handed the administration an “F” for expanding gun rights and failing to reinstate the assault-weapons ban. 
15. Now, in the wake of the tragedy in Newtown, as the mayor of a city plagued by gun violence, Emanuel is touting the ban once again.
 16. Another prominent Democrat, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, underwent an even more dramatic conversion. 
17. As a member of the House representing a Republican-leaning upstate district in 2008, she voted to repeal a law that banned semiautomatic weapons in the District of Columbia and required gun owners to register their weapons and store them unloaded, with trigger locks. 
18. She earned an “A” rating from the NRA. Even as gun-control advocates complained about her January 2009 appointment to the Senate, she told a newspaper reporter that she kept two rifles under her bed. 
19. “If I want to protect my family, if I want to have a weapon in the home, that should be my right,” she said. 
20. The makeover of the congresswoman from a conservative district to the senator of a liberal state began the next day, when staff said that the rifles were removed. 
21. Later that year, with the help of two former critics--New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Rep. Carolyn McCarthy, D-N.Y.--she sponsored legislation to crack down on illegal gun trafficking. 
22. The NRA downgraded her to an “F.” 
23. “She sounded like Annie Oakley, and now she’s somebody different,” complained her Republican challenger in 2010. 
24. Days after the shootings in Connecticut, she wrote a newspaper column pushing her gun-trafficking bill and other restrictions.  
25. “Congress has ducked a serious national debate over commonsense gun laws for too long,” she wrote.
 26. In the column, she describes meeting the parents of a slain 17-year-old in Brooklyn, N.Y., shortly after her Senate appointment and the near-shooting death of her friend, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, D-Ariz., in 2011. 
27. “Her former congressional district did not experience the same issues of gun violence,” explained her spokesman, Glen Caplin. 
28. “For the last four years, as a statewide representative, Senator Gillibrand has been highly focused on solving the problems of the entire state, including gang and gun violence.” 
 29. Asked if she still owned the two rifles, Caplin said, “I’m not going to get into this.”
 30. A shift in public opinion could offer political cover. 
31. A new Pew Research Center poll finds that, by 49 percent to 42 percent, limiting gun ownership is viewed as more important than protecting gun owners. 
32. The survey marks the first time since Obama’s election that more Americans prioritized gun control over gun rights.
 33. “We’re getting so many calls from state capitals and Capitol Hill, it’s overwhelming,” said Brian Malte, spokesman for the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence. 
34. “This feels like it could be a tipping point.”
 35. It’s been nearly two decades since President Clinton pushed the assault-weapons ban, strategically attached to a sweeping anticrime bill and a 10-year expiration date.
36.  The House passed it by only two votes, and even Democrats who voted no feared it would brand their party as antigun.
 37. “We knew it was a politically devastating vote at the moment it passed,” said Patrick Griffin, who served as Clinton’s director of legislative affairs. 
38. “They cleaned our clock in 1994. You can’t ascribe all of that to guns, but it was a factor.”
 39. Guns were blamed again in 2000 when Democratic nominee Al Gore lost one of the closest presidential elections in history to Republican George W. Bush. 
40. As vice president, Gore backed the assault-weapons ban and cast a tie-breaking vote for a 1999 background check law. 
41. Just one more gun-friendly, Southern state--Arkansas, West Virginia, or even his home state of Tennessee--could have delivered the presidency to Gore, even without Florida.
 42. Six years later, a handful of pro-gun candidates, including Joe Donnelly and Brad Ellsworth of Indiana, Heath Shuler of North Carolina, and Jason Altmire of Pennsylvania, helped Democrats take back the House. 
43. Once again, other factors contributed to the election results--the heated immigration debate, political scandals, and the unpopularity of the war in Iraq--but the success of pro-gun Democrats reinforced the party’s wariness of gun limits.
 44. Anxious to protect their moderate members and the president’s reelection prospects, Democrats shied from high-stakes gun votes even after massacres at Virginia Tech and Fort Hood (although Republicans seized the House anyway in 2010), and after slayings at a meet-and-greet hosted by Rep. Giffords and in a movie theater in Aurora, Colo. 
45. “It’s never been a simple Democrat versus Republican issue. 
46. It’s much more complicated than that,” Griffin said.
 47. A former top aide to Obama and on Capitol Hill, Jim Papa, said that Republicans beholden to the gun lobby deserve the lion’s share of the blame for inaction on gun control.
 48. “There has always been an overwhelming amount of Democratic votes for gun control and practically zero support from the other party, and the responsibility falls on the Democrats?” he asked. 
49.“Opponents of gun control have confused the issue, confused assault weapons with hunting rifles, so there is peril for people who believe in one and not the other. 
50. The NRA successfully equated sensible, popular gun-safety legislation with taking away your shotgun.”
 51. But even when Democrats controlled both legislative chambers during Obama’s first two years in office, they passed and he signed laws allowing visitors to carry loaded, concealed guns to national parks and permitting Amtrak passengers to stow guns in checked baggage. 
52. The assault-weapons ban was never taken up during Obama’s first term, which was consumed with trying to revive the economy, pass health care reforms, and end the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
 53. “You don’t have an infinite amount of time and goodwill, and you have to pick some priorities,” said Griffin, the former Clinton aide. 
54. “Postelection, after this horrific event, maybe there’s a moment when we can come to common ground.  
55. I’m not convinced of that, but it looks better than ever.”

Comments:
1. Big mistake to think that only Republicans own guns. Just not true at all.

2. @ Ivan Not any better than their open imigation policy worked out for them.

3. Why is it that the largest gun-free city in the nation (Chicago) has more homicides than any other US city?

Perhaps the mayor of chicago needs to take a hard look at his city then ask himself why gun controle does not work there.

4. Im a Democrat, and also pro guns. A family of amid hunters, and love their gun shows. However, we are very cautious, responsible, trained and safety savy. No one can gef to our guns but us. I wish that shooters mother would had taken safety measures to keep those guns out of the reach of her son, especially knowing he was very mentally unstabled. I stand firmly about being able to protect your family.

5. I swear, if I hear, “This feels like it could be a tipping point.” on more time I'm going to throw up!

6. In his recent speech, Obama mentioned "the wave of gun violence sweeping our nation." According to FBI statistics, the national murder rate per 100,000 population fell from 10.2 in 1980 to 4.7 in 2011. Today's national murder rate is just 46% of what it was in 1980
 So where is "the wave of gun violence sweeping our nation"???

7. Republicans Aren't the Only Gun-Control Obstacle.
 
They sure aren't. You also have to deal with the 2nd Amendment. You know, that amendment saying that "the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."

8. People buy expensive weapons because they have lost faith in the police and justice system to protect them.

9. Some guy named Adolph took away 'all' the citizen's guns in Germany.
 How'd that work out ?

10. Theres 6000 gun laws,rules and regulations now,I'm sure more rules are going to change nothing

11. Why is it that no one sees a problem with Congressmen and Presidents having armed guards (and in some cases possibly with fully automatic assault rifles) guarding them 24-7, but those of us who cannot afford body guards are not supposed to be allowed to protect ourselves with single shot semi-automatic weapons? When the hippocrits in Washington lay down their guns, THEN they can talk to us about laying down ours.

12. To those who prefer to be a victim of a rapist or mugger and refuse to defend yourself or wife and kids.....then so be it, it's your choice. I refuse to be a victim and U..................will not tell me I cannot do it with a firearm, a bow and arrow or a bayonet crammed up a muggers behind. I am not a wussie pee-in-my-pants passivist and my Daddy, my Granddaddy's and my great-great Grandaddy's fought for this country for right....not wrong. I will do no less......scr_w U liberals.

13. 75 million Americans own at least one firearm making the American populace the worlds largest Army. Chew on that before you bend over and give up your Constitutional rights.

14. Is anyone surprised that Obama & Holder never considered gun control before they let thousands of these very same assault weapons murder American Border Agents, men women & CHILDREN,(sometimes whole villages at cartel's hands), & even a beauty queen where FAST & FURIOUS gun was found,(an AK-47), while she was used as a human shield by those Obama & Holder armed. Obama & Holder have no business talking gun control, until they talk about arming drug cartels with these same weapons. Of course, libs are just fine with men, women, & CHILDREN getting killed as long as Obama did it, &it was elsewhere.

15. When our Constitution dies, our country will end as we know it.

16. 100's of millions of guns owned by people who don't want to give those guns up and they just happen to be armed with those very same guns. This might just get interesting :)

17. If there is one thing that is for sure about this whole thing it is this.
 If America loses the right to bear arms, we will no longer be a free country.

18. I look forward to the debate, hopefully someone will have the courage to demand answers to fast and furious

19. Obama wants congress to show 'courage'. I wish the left would show courage and not take there usual cop out of blaming someone other than themselves. Blaming an object is simply cowardly.

20. America is at an interesting point in its existence. Will our nation as we know it survive from the worst enemy it faces, itself?
 
21. The argument over guns is the same as the argument over abortion. Both have at the end of the day the same result, willful death! Abortion is the wholesale killing of human beings that has over the last forty years become as accepted and common place as going to the grocery store. Abortion has conditioned the population that killing is acceptable for the sake of convenience and money. No doubt, the next to be eliminated in this nation will be the elderly and the infirm. Our ultimate respect for life, itself, has all but been eliminated. So, the argument will continue without end for as long as the American people want to argue.
 
22. This nation has a deadly and destructive national social problem! This nation has reduced itself to immorality, corruption and irresponsibility. Those character traits began in earnest in the 1950s with the first elements of the "Not My Johnnie" syndrome practiced by the parents of the baby boomer generation. That irresponsibility has prevailed and gotten worse down throughout the following generations. Now we are a nation of dependency not unlike the socialistic states around the world who are currently in the varying stages of failure. This nation and every person in it must deal with its individual and collective character first and foremost.
 
23. Our government is scared to death of the Second Amendment. The remainder of the world is similarly fearful of America. We are as n overall nation, well armed and quite capable of defending self, family, property and nation. Our Second Amendment is precisely why our nation has not suffered the catastrophic invasion by other nations. Lest we forget our recent history, the Japanese did not want to invade the west coast in WW 2 because of our Second Amendment and an armed population. Even the Communists back down from taking on America and guaranteeing their own annihilation.
 
24. Clearly our own government has reached the point where it needs to be dealt a severe retaliatory blow from the American people who appreciate and understand the Constitution, the Bill of Rights, our own nation's history, and what made this country the great nation it is and was. This government, especially under the current President, is corrupt beyond repair, takes full advantage of our politically correct hyphenated, thus divided population, is anti just about everything American, and hell bent on the destruction of our Republic.
 
25. But, a simple fact remains. Taking 300 million guns from as many law abiding citizens, first will be tremendously expensive, dangerous, and likely unsuccessful. As has been proven numerous times around the world and throughout history, if successful, will guarantee that we 300 million people are no longer safe from anyone, or any entity who wants to destroy America, from basic criminals to our own corrupt government. Like the drug wars, neither will this war be successful.
 
26. The Second Amendment is an inalienable right under our Constitution. Of the People! By the People! For the People! Our federal government exists only as long as the the people will tolerate it. We are getting very close to its demise. As long as America is, there will be those who will die before they give up their weapons, to anyone.

Maybe obama should set an example and give up his "armed" guards!

27. Another Yahoo biased headline. Story about Democrats against gun contrl but headline emphasizing Republicans.

28. The politicians calling for gun control are the folks the 2nd Amendment was designed to protect us from.

29. The over panicked cattle demanding ban of guns will NEVER understand the exact reality that when society enacts laws banning guns those who CHOOSE to LISTEN are the decent, law abiding citizens and NOT the vile, unneeded lunatics and criminal filth who will NEVER obey these laws AND have a brain cell or two to figure out how to PREY on those who DO abide by the laws.
 
30. NOT the answer for THIS country, at all. 

And DO NOT be stupid enough to compare one country to another since the dynamics which encompass an individual country ARE THEIR OWN and are UNIQUE.

31. Liberals want gun laws like chicago has, look at how well its working there, only 20 people murdered this weekend so far.

 32.For all its faults America remains a beacon of freedom and liberty because 75 million gun owners are here to ensure we remain a beacon of freedom and liberty.

33. Republicans Aren't the Only Gun-Control Obstacle. So is the Constitution!

Another obstacle to Obama's gun control are the citizens of this country that believe in the 2nd Amendment.

34. One of the worst mass murders in U.S. history happened in Waco, Texas and was carried out by the very same government that wants to disarm the American people. As I recall there was 25 children murdered by the FBI and ATF and I didn't see any presidential "Crocodile Tears" for them or the women and men who died there ! Ruby Ridge was another little killing spree they went on that cost the taxpayers millions and the lies and coverups by the Feds were so obvious a child could have seen thru them. The 2nd amendment was NOT put into our Constitution for "Hunters and Sportsmen" ! It was put there so the American people could protect themselves from tyrants like those in office now and those that will surely follow in years to come. For those that would disagree with me, that's your right and priviledge, but you should watch the documentary "Waco, The rules of engagement" if you're interested in the TRUTH, but as always, liberal/socialist's don't want the truth, just the destruction of our God given and Constitutional rights with an easy path to take away from the productive people in our society and give to those who simply want their block of government cheese. I, for one, say God Bless America and her TRUE Patriots and gun control be damned ! Amen.

35. If having the government disarm the citizens is the solution, let them start with disarming the criminal citizens first. Let me know how that works out.

36. Just as almost all Republicans are not wealthy, all DEMs are not anti-NRA.
 There ARE still a good number of DEMs (not the hyper-Liberal kind) who understand and value the meaning of the Second Amendment.

37. "A shift in public opinion could offer political cover. A new Pew Research Center poll finds that, by 49 percent to 42 percent, limiting gun ownership is viewed as more important than protecting gun owners."-----YA, RIGHT......LOL
 AND THAT IS WHY GUN SALES WENT THROUGH THE ROOF IN THE LAST 10 DAYS

38. Everyone has already seen Socialism in action,or read about it. Why would any American want to move towards that type of government? A lot of People are either very uninformed or just plain nuts.

39. Barack Obama's assault on gun owners has been his only economic policy that has worked. If you go to the gun store you will have to take a number and wait your turn to be served. Mess with the 2nd Amendment at your own peril.

40. I have veteran friends that done 1-2 tours overseas and are looking for work. Put them to work in these schools protecting the OUR CHILDREN they will not let this happen, they will sacrifice their lives to protect our children at all cost, just like they did for us while they were serving!!!!

41. Sure is funny red states have more then twice as many gun dealers and three times more guns per capita, yet all the mass shootings are in blue states. This alone alt to tell you Libs are craze and have destroyed family values and like a typical Lib they want to blame everyone else a true Obama suckporter,blame eveyone else cause your a failure as a parent.

42. The NRA is not a political or business lobby..They are American citizens standing up for the Second amendment.

43. Yet another Bogus article tainted by the stench of the left wing media that generates it

44. I will not vote for anyone who promotes more gun control and I will work as hard as I can to help them be defeated. Stand up for the constitution. LOCK AND LOAD!!!!!!!!!!!

45. "Cowering"
 Gee, this couldn't be a biased article, could it? If we do end up saved from this insanity of reactionary new gun laws, it will be from the Democrats who refuse to compromise the 2nd Amendment (without which all other freedoms mean nothing, no matter whose side you're on). My wife works for one, and has (and hopefully will continue to) resisted pressure from both his party and the CBC on this one, because he has some sense...

46. Obama has killed more ambassadors than my gun has killed children

47. Obama wants to chip away at our 2nd Amendment rights! These next 4 years cannot go fast enough!!!

48. ★☆★ AMERICANS WE MUST STAND TOGETHER NOT DIVIDED ★☆★
 This is NOT about political parties, this is a direct attack against ever single U.S. citizens civil liberties. Dont let the politicians and these Anti American anti Gun nuts divide us this effects us ALL not just one group we must stand together.

49. People kill people... Guns are a tool. Take away the gun, and they will find another way. We need to go after the problem, not the tools.

50. Does anyone think that criminals are going to quit carry guns because of a new law ?

These idiots make me want to puke. Evil men (and women) do evil deeds, no guns needed. Guns are just an easy target. We are allowed to own them, but not carry them and there lies the issue. If I want to commit a crime and I see you with a gun, I will think twice about you being my victim. Criminals love UNARMED citizens. Evil men (and women) will kill. We need to protect ourselves and our family. IF obama can have 24/7 protection for his family, why can't we??? MY KIDS and GRANDKIDS are just as important to me as his kids are to him. Aren't yours??

51. All these people buying guns right now are NOT going to turn them in in a month or two.

52. Gun control, gun control, gun control. FIND OUT WHY THESE NUTS ARE FREE ON THE STREETS. FIX THE MENTAL HEALTH PROBLEM. Am I the only one that noticed that all these nuts that shoot the places up look like they are playing Call of Duty?

53. Thge real "Obstacle" to all freedoms that Americans enjoy appear to be more & more, the writings of the liberal Media's.

54. Friendly reminder for the anti-gun bigots that use every opportunity to spout off....Obama is responsible for more gun sales than anyone else, and you idiots voted for him.

55.OK anti gunners 

56. You are in a room a guy busts the door in and starts shooting. Right next to you on the floor as you try to find cover is a cell phone a knife and a 9mm pistol. Which are you grabbing first??

57. does pres. hussein go anywhere without his armed guards? What about his staff? What a friggin hypocrate! He must be more important than those children, because I don't see him disarming them. Put your money where you mouth is phony president.

58. people keep bringing up our constitution like it means something, and is worth protecting.
 
59. to those people i say, when a cop says " can i search your car "
 you say " no" and the cop now deems tyou suspicious for invoking your constitutional rights.
 
we have those rights, but we are cast upon with suspicion for using it? by those sworn to uphold it? but are always looking for a way to violate it?

60. If only Republicans own guns, explain the gun murder rate in black neighborhoods.

61. The article says "[Democrat] ...Jim Papa, said that Republicans beholden to the gun lobby deserve the lion’s share of the blame for inaction on gun control."
 CORRECTION: There is no "gun lobby", there is a gun OWNER'S lobby. There is a BIG difference. We are people too, even if ultra-Liberals don't think so, and we have as much right to representation as anyone in America!

62. I notice this didn't get any coverage by the liberals at YAHOO.
 
63. Gun Control really works in China! Unfortunately, you can't fix Crazy (or Stupid).
 
64. Knife-wielding man injures 22 children in China
 
Reuters – Fri, Dec 14, 2012
 
BEIJING (Reuters) - A knife-wielding man slashed 22 children and an adult at an elementary school in central China on Friday, state media reported, the latest in a series of attacks on schoolchildren in the country.
 The man attacked the children at the gate of a school in Chenpeng village in Henan province, the Xinhua news agency reported.
 Police arrested a 36-year-old man, identified as villager Min Yingjun, Xinhua said. It did not give further details of the extent of the injuries.
 There have been a series of attacks on schools and schoolchildren around China in recent years, some by people who have lost their jobs or felt left out of the country's economic boom.
 The rash of violence has prompted public calls for more measures to protect the young in a country where many couples only have one child.
 In 2010, a man slashed 28 children, two teachers and a security guard in a kindergarten in eastern China.
 (Reporting by Terril Yue Jones; editing by Jonathan Standing)

65. This moron writer says some Dum Dums "coward" to the gun advocates? How about "braved" for the second amendment? You may hate guns and reject religion but if your house is broken into you'll do two things. One, call a good guy with a gun and two, pray he gets there quick enough.

66. I wonder if anyone is starting to think, maybe that old coot Ron Paul might be right?

67. "People of his own party that have a history of cowering from gun control." More like people of common sense that have the intestinal fortitude to stand up for what's right. These people have the vision to see through the Liberal Socialist agenda.

68. This Country needs to enforce the laws already on the books before it gets into punishing innocent people for crimes they did not commit, #$%$ the liberals and #$%$ Obama.

This Country needs to enforce the laws already on the books before it gets into punishing innocent people for crimes they did not commit, #$%$ the liberals and #$%$ Obama.

69. "These politicians "staunchly" defended gun ownership "during the campaign" -- however "now"--- since we were stupid enough to re-elect them -- they are "open to new ideas" -- the American people have to be -- without a doubt -- the dumbest people on the planet -- how much more of this "two faced #$%$" do we need to take -- not only pertaining to gun control but every other "issue" that might hinder their "re-coronation"!!!!!

70. Still a few Democrats left that believe in the constitution they swore to uphold.

71. "Companies cutting employee hours in anticipation of Obamacare". Mr. President, if Obamacare is so great, why did Congress exempt themselves from it? Happy Eid El Fitr, Hussein.

72. Our second amendment, the Right to Bear arms, was given to us by our founding fathers. They clearly knew just how important that Right is, to remain a free nation. ANYONE who wants to take away that right, have an agenda to fulfill. That would be the democrat party. Now ask you're selves, why do the democrats want to take away our right to bear arms? Here, I'll get the pondering ball rolling for you. This is NOT about stopping mass killings. It's the AGENDA STUPID!

73. What part of "shall not be infringed." is hard to understand.

74. If you wanta see what real Gun Control would look like in America go to that youtube place & type in katrina gun grab! Watch what they do to a 73 year old woman in her home! Listen to the people of New Orleans talk about all the shooting & looting going on their neighborhoods while Police cannot protect them! If anyone had 5 SECONDS to choose between Dialing 911 or having a Firearm to protect their Loved Ones! Well, i think i know your preference! Personally i,m not going to Wait for a dispatcher to start asking me to start making descriptions of whats going on!

75. To ALL gun owners: MERRY CHRISTMAS! To you anti gun folks: MERRY CHRISTMAS! I don't give a hoot about political correctness.

76. when removing rights, you must first make the people see those rights as morally wrong. No matter what it takes.

77. Many guns laws were broken by the Connecticut shooter. Columbine occured during the 10 year assualt weapons ban. Chicago is leading the nation in gun homicides even though they have had a gun ban for many years. Gun bans do not work as intended. Real reform will only occur when the real problems are addressed.

78. cowering from gun debate? Many dems support guns and the freedoms to have them.

79. Mexico has a no gun policy yet thousands of people are killed by guns every year in Mexico. Only the criminals have guns.

80. Lanza broke 41 laws in commiting his crime. What makes you gun banners think he wouldn't have broken 42?

81. Letting the actions of 3 or 4 insane criminals every year dictate further restrictions of our Constitutional rights is insane.

82. Timothy McVea killed 19 children with fertilizer.....The White House is full of it so control that too?

83. Corruption, control, freedom.
 There is a lot of corruption. The plan is control. The cost is freedom.

84. It is interesting that all the mass shootings occur in places where guns are banned and in places with the strictest gun control laws. And after the shootings the gun sales go out the roof. It is the concept of entropy. Structure creates chaos. So when you make something taboo or make a bunch of laws you increase the chaos-violence. What causes death is the psychotropic mednations which compel violence but since all the gun control fanatics are doing their "better living thru chemistry" we aren't about to take on the drug companies nor the FDA for not properly testing any new med or removing/banning old ones. Nope. Now automobiles are the biggest killers and injury causes whether the driver has been drinking or not so lets band the automobile. Further the medical profession now admits that chemotherapy causes cancer. More people die from chemotherapy caused cancer and radiation poisoning than "cancer" yet we call these deaths "cancer". Lets sue the cap out of the medical profession for the millions they have killed with chemotherapy and radiation. And when we are finished with that, lets sue God. I have noticed that every single person dies-lets just pass a law making death illegal and seize all the properties of anyone that breaks this law and dies anyway. Take care of the deficit that way!

85. The obstacle is the Constitution and until the President can figure out how to do away with the Constitution he is not just fighting Republicans.

86. I am a Democrat. I am a gun owner. And there are millions more just like me and we vote ! Gun bans will turn us into instant Republicans !!!!

87. For you people out there that think the police are there to protect you and are not doing their job; Listen up! The police are unable to protect you unless they are aware of your need for protection and it takes time for them to get to you. Even then it is not guaranteed because of the many variables present at the scene. Your protection and the protection of your family is your responsibility. The anti-gun people want to take away your right to protect yourself and claim the police are there to do that for you. If you believe that, I have a bridge to sell you. ONLY YOU can protect yourself from those that can harm you when seconds count. How you do that is a decision you must make for yourself but blaming the police for crime is ludicrous. It is time for people to step up and take the responsibility for their own protection and for the consequences for not doing so.

88. Funny, how the press jumped all over the NRA for suggesting armed guards in schools but, they didn't print one peep when Clinton proposed it back in the 1990's after Columbine.

89. If you are a liberal Democrat that hates guns, feel free to place a sign in your window saying: I HATE GUNS. Then all criminals will know it is safe for them to steal, rob, and rape you and your family.

90. Let's instead focus on the media and the violence that the game industry and Hollywood are spewing. Let's call it Media Control or Hollywood Control. Guns aren't the reason for these horrible crimes; it's the Violence in the Media, Hollywood and the video game industry.

91. If there is a ban on so called assault rifles and high capacity Mags. the only thing it will do is stop the sale of new ones. What do you anti gun morons suggest we do about the millions and millions that people already have? A ban will do no good, The only thing it will do is take away more rights from law abiding sports men and women .

92. Hey didn't we arm airline pilots after 9 11 and they seem to be doing it well.

93. The liberal's push to increase gun control is simply beyond belief. There is one simple question that they need to answer before shredding our constitution and that is; how does taking away guns prevent insane persons from invading a school, home, or workplace and killing? What will they want when one of the insane, who by the way they have no problem letting run around unfettered, uses a sword to chop up kids in a school? Typical of liberals they do not wish to hold the insane person's family or doctors responsible for letting the insane run amok and kill, they want to hold the weapon responsible. That is like holding cars responsible for drunk drivers. There is no logic to their liberal approach to things just emotion and stupidity. Liberals need to go back to hiding under their beds and letting grownups with courage deal with the problems.

94. Guess the N.Y. News Media's think they can report or print anything and the American people will believe it? They are Proven LAIRS. Full of false facts/statements, lies, agenda, etc... Stating that Obama the savior to a new America. What a freak show.

95. Its better to have a gun, and not need it then to need a gun and not have it.

96. Prohibition failed, the drug war & foreign aid are failing, and gun control will fail in this country. The 2nd Amendment was designed and written to protect us from government oppression of the people.

97. So the liberal media is 100% for gun control and anybody who isn't is wrong? What a load of bullcrap!

98. I don't even own a gun, I am a democrat, and I support the right to own and bear arms. I don't want to have to build prisons for 100 million Americans who, by dictate, are judged felons because they exercise their personal liberties by, among other things, owning firearm/s. Violent crime is down, national statistics show this. This is just one more red herring to further a fringe group (admittedly a large fringe group) agenda fantasy.

99. My rights to own a firearm since I am law abiding citizen shall not be infringed. I have firearms I hunt with and my AR is not one of them. That is saved for target practice and for the time when it will be deemed necessary to water the tree of liberty.

100. The biggest obstacle to whatever the President wants is the U.S. Constitution: There are still some parts he has not completely shredded.

101. dems are the biggest problems of everything political, and moral.

102. The real obstacle to gun control SHOULD be the Second Amendment and the phrase "Shall not be Infringed"......

103. The Illegal Aliens murder far more US Citizens than crazies do school children, why does not the Media report those murders nationally? That heavy crime rate seems to be acceptable to Feinstein, Bloomberg & Lieberman,interesting?

104. I missed the part in the article where they can stop criminals from getting guns....

105. If a defender of the Constitution is an "obstacle", then all US Citizens should be proud to be called just that.

106. Ask your self this question:
 Do you have faith the the US and local governments are capable of protecting every citizen in the event of a "disaster"?
 
107. I am not a "prepper". I do not believe that "the end is near" (easy to say on the 23rd, uh). 

However, I do remember New Orleans and various riots around this country. 
Think what happens if we have a serious disruption in the electric grid or some other major infrastructure. Do you think that is not possible?
 
This is a major reason I own firearms.
 
108. I am a law abiding citizen. I have never committed a crime. (Maybe a couple of "infractions"). 
I have a constitutional right to defend myself and others with a firearm. I will be prepared to exercise that right at all times, in public and in private.
 
Regardless of where this debate goes. Period.

109. Over 1.2 million abortions take place each year as compared to approx. 11,000 gun related deaths (and that number includes justifiable shootings by law enforcement & in self defense). Lets put that in perspective. That's 100,000 abortions (of BABIES) per month as compared to 916 gun deaths (of adults & children combined) per month. If the media and president are so concerned about the safety & welfare of children, why are they always so overly focused on reducing the number of guns in society rather than the number of abortions?

110. If you poll just the North east, then you will have plenty of support for Taking away the right to bear arms, But Just about anywhere else they will tell you to try and talke away their rights and see what happens!!

111. I'm a Democrat but, the DNC better not mess with my gun rights or I'll vote against the DNC in 2014.........If the DNC pushes too hard on gun controll they can kiss the congress and senate majority good by

112. my neighbor on my left and right across the street, myself , down the road all have semi automatic full blown high powered tactical assault rifles. Everyone owns guns around here. Number of rapes around here 0, murders 0 home invasions 0 , gun violence 0 , police calls 0 , trespassers 0 .

113. Colt introduced the AR-15 to the civilian market in 1963. Yeah, it's been around that long. Why wasn't it a problem then? I think liberalism gets the credit for the sheer numbers of them in American homes, and for the mental state of the nuts who commit mass murders.

114. Much ado about nothing. The 1994 "ban" accomplished nothing, the USSC has already ruled that they cannot take our guns, and the only way any of that changes is through an amendment (which requires 2/3 of the states to vote for it - not possible at this point in time).

115. Bad guys will always have guns - if you can't afford to live in a nice neighborhood, you got to have guns too. noimsayin'

 116.To a liberal our 2nd amendment and the constitution is just an " Obstacle " to complete control.

117. That pesky second amendment sure causes some convoluted reasoning by liberal judges, leftist lawmakers, former Community Agitators and former Constitutional law professors to get around a citizen's right to bear arms.

118. I caught one of my guns trying to go out the other night with my neighbors gun. We put them both on restriction.

119. It's people like Beth, the writer of this hit piece, the left media, "Never let a good crisis go to waste" Dems who have turned this into a political, divisive and an attempt to paint Republicans the bad guys. The fact Republicans AND Democrats hunt, collect and own a gun for protection. Enough already. Address the REAL problem,,,our society, the violence we shove in the public's face everyday and mental illness.

120. When our government begins to refer to the Bill of Rights as an obstacle, we need to be really concerned.

121. To Honor and Protect the Constitution against all threats Foreign or Domestic!!!

122. The phrase "assault weapon" is political. During my 4 years as a Marine I never heard that term used and if you use it in a gun shop they laugh at you.

123. The left wingnuts who operate Yahoo are such mind-numbed robots that they think their world view is the ONLY perspective. Specifically, they view the Second Amendment as an impediment, rather than what it is, a safeguard of freedom.
 Liberal progressives focus on the superficial, like an inanimate object, instead of the bigger issues, like culture. Liberals, via the ACLU, created the context that allows crazy people to run amok. With liberals, individual responsibility is not to be expected, so anything that goes wrong must -- in their opinion -- be the fault of society.
 Instead of blaming the mass murderer for the crime, liberals blame society for not denying him the murder weapon. That is like blaming a shot glass for a drunk driver who runs over a child.

124. the vast overwhelming majority of gun violence in america is perpetrated by black and hispanic kids in gangs.. they outnumber the "lone white gunman" by about 6,000 to 1. and yet the only thing the media wants to talk about is the lone white gunman.... talk about reporting with blinders on... and for the record i'm a liberal democrat... that doesnt mean i ignore facts or reality.

125. Meanwhile in CA. A father with other peoples children sleeping over at his house, shot three armed home invaders. #$%$.

126. Guns are the problem. Hmmmm. Another knee jerk reaction. Think it through and get to the problem -- people. Then think of, why people? Then think of who raises kids these days? Parents? No. TV. Yes. Video games. Yes. Schools? Yes. Then think about what these kids learn: from parents, TV, video games, schools. And you'll have to answer this question if you're not one of the information impaired folks mentioned herein.

127. WE are not the problem tards- we simply have rights under the constitution.......remember.

128. The liberal writer fails to see the real " Obstacle " is armed citizens refusing to give up their rights and willing to fight for them.... I sure hope it does not come to that

129. Repeat after the controlled media: 
"We must ban guns, we must ban guns, we must ban guns". 
With the onslaught of anti-firearm propaganda, it seems clear that Americans are being inundated with non-stop press coverage in order to soften them up and exploit the opportunity to implement the long-desired agenda (since at least 1968) to ban firearms for law-abiding American citizens. Every angle and type of story is being put forth in this concerted effort to cast doubt on the 2nd Amendment and to ultimately disarm Americans. This agenda-driven, one-sided op-ed is furthering that aim.

130. "...cowering from the gun debate."
 
Incorrect. Refusing to support something that is unjust and wrong is not cowering. If anything, liberals everywhere are cowering from the debate about their policies that have corrupted society into a bunch of violent and non-productive welfare slugs.

131. The beauty of the second amendment is that it won't be needed until the government tries to take it away...Thomas Jefferson

132. Cowering against gun control?? Sounds like a dove wrote this article. Too bad writers can't write an article without putting thier biased view in it....

133. I'm one of those Democtats that believe law enforcement has all the laws they need to deal with gun control since 1930. Use the laws you have.

134. And it's not only Republicans who have guns. In the BLUE states, Wisconsin has 650,000 hunters, Pennsylvania has 700,000 hunters, Ohio has 600,000 hunters and West Virginia has 250,000 hunters. These numbers would make up the largest army in the world. BTW, after last hunting season these hunters came home and no one was killed.
 
135. When you add the hunters in the other 46 states, the numbers are staggering.
 
136. I have read that the reason Japan did not attack the United States during WWII was because of the number of hunters in the USA. On general in the Japan military said "there would be someone behind every blade of grass."

137. Obstacles? It is that doggone constitution again always getting in the way.

138. We have fought wars and conflicts all over the world to establish and protect freedom, We might have to do the same right here to protect our own.

139. I like how the liberals cite the Constitution when a cop wants to search a house or car for pot that they can smell. However when it comes to our right to own a gun they claim we are "paranoid and gunloving nut cases". Liberals only believe in their way, not the correct way

140. Obstacle??? Biased left slanted Yahoo/N.J. News headlines are disgusting!!
 How about just stating Dems & Repubs both have reservations about gun control??
 The puppet writers need to have a brain of their own!

141. It has now been 12 months since gun owners in Australia were forced by new law to surrender 640,381 personal firearms to be destroyed by their own government, a program costing Australia taxpayers more than $500 million dollars.
 
 The first year results are now in: Australia-wide, homicides are up 3.2 percent Australia-wide, assaults are up 8.6 percent. Australia-wide, armed robberies are up 44 percent!
 
In the state of Victoria alone, homicides with firearms are now up 300 percent. Note that while the law-abiding citizens turned them in, the criminals did not, and criminals still possess their guns! While figures over the previous 25 years showed a steady decrease in armed robbery with firearms, this has changed drastically upward in the past 12 months, since criminals now are guaranteed that their prey is unarmed.
 
There has also been a dramatic increase in break-ins and assaults of the ELDERLY. Australian politicians are at a loss to explain how public safety has decreased, after such monumental effort and expense was expended in successfully ridding Australian society of guns. The Australian experience and the other historical facts above prove it.
 
You won't see this data on the American evening news or hear our president, governors or other politicians disseminating this information.
 
142. Guns in the hands of honest citizens save lives and property and, yes, gun-control laws affect only the law-abiding citizens.

143. "Republicans Aren't the Only Gun-Control Obstacle." Here's another obstacle: a brain. Gun control exist in New York and London. Guess what? People still get murdered there by guns. Also illegal are: smoking pot, using coke, and drunk driving.

144. Gun Free Zones= A criminals paradise, a rapists wet dream and the lefts dream of disarming America to impose their will.

145. Beth; why don't you and all the other antigun journalists run for office, on that platform, so you can actually enact those bans you want? The answer is you would all lose in landslides. It's always a loser. Even Obama wouldn't touch the subject during the campaign.

146. Don't blindly hand your rights and freedoms over to some agency that promises to protect you.

147. Gun control will do NOTHING to stop senseless killings. You libs just can't get over wanting to think you know everything about everything. Maybe we should just give every child a lobotomy at birth so they can't do ANYTHING...would that make you happy? Every person in the world EXACTLY the same? I actually believe that would be your ultimate goal. Liberalism is a disease and unfortunately, seems to me to be untreatable.

148. Other than a complete ban on guns, knives, clubs and bow & arrow is there anything that will prevent a mentally deficient individual from killing others. Connecticut has the 5th harshest gun laws, N.Y and Chicago have strict anti-gun laws and the murders haven't stopped....before going off on a tangent, determine what will work. You may be surprised to it won't be more restrictive gun laws but a more laxed approached to confining mentally deranged people.

149. No one in the media is asking HOW the CT police found an ASSAULT rifle locked in his trunk, and nothing but HAND guns (3) at his side after he'd killed himself, with no time to run BACK TO THE CAR...but the ME determined everyone died from the ASSAULT rifle found locked in his trunk. *crickets*

150. This same government thinks TSA thugs molesting children at airports is a solution for stopping groups of muslim men with box cutters

151. THE CONSTITUTION AND THE RIGHTS THEREIN ARE "NOT" OPEN FOR DEBATE!!!!

Let it go Obama. 
Focus on the economy and stop distracting from your failures.
Bloomberg says that when he was in college he wasn't responsible enough to own a firearm and he doesn't know anyone in college who is.... Funny, I remember when I was 19, wearing a uniform and defending my country.....
Congress swears to uphold the US CONSTITUTION if they limit it by laws or change it, they remove our rights and Freedom.
“A free people ought to be armed.”
 – George Washington
 
“If the opposition disarms, well and good. If it refuses to disarm, we shall disarm it ourselves.”
- Joseph Stalin 

Who would you prefer to be in charge?
