KAILUA, Hawaii (Reuters) - 
1. Taking what promised to be a very brief Christmas break from the ongoing struggle to avoid the "fiscal cliff" of tax hikes and spending cuts, President Barack Obama relaxed with his family on Saturday at a beach retreat in Hawaii.
2. Congress was to return to Washington next Thursday and Obama has pledged to work with lawmakers to strike a deal to avoid the economic shock from tax and spending measures set to take effect on January 1 if a deal can't be reached, which many economists say could push the U.S. economy back into recession.
3. The president is expected to indulge in some of his favorite pastimes on the island where he was born and raised: golf, an expedition for the local treat "shave ice," and an evening out with family and friends. 
4. He hit the links at the nearby Marine Corps base under sunny skies on Saturday afternoon.
5. On Sunday, he is expected to attend funeral services for Senator Daniel Inouye, the long-serving Democrat from Hawaii who died on Monday, but the president has no other public events on his schedule.
6. On Saturday, Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said he had urged Hawaii Governor Neil Abercrombie, a Democrat, to name Inouye's successor "with due haste."
7. "It is critically important to ensure that the people of Hawaii are fully represented in the pivotal decisions the Senate will be making before the end of the year," Reid, of Nevada, said in a statement.
8. Obama's idyll was not expected to last more than four days, and he will likely retrace the more than 4,800-mile trip from the Aloha State to Washington after Christmas in a bid to cut a deal with Republicans, who failed on Thursday to agree on competing tax and spending bills of their own.
9. Before leaving Washington on Friday evening, Obama urged Congress to come up with a stopgap measure to spare the U.S. economy the jolt of $600 billion in tax increases and spending cuts economists say would likely derail the economy.
10. The president asked lawmakers for a stripped-down deal to continue lower tax rates on middle income earners and extend unemployment insurance benefits to avoid some of the worst effects of the "fiscal cliff" in the new year.
11. Obama's family holiday, in a quiet beach front community on the other side of the island from bustling Honolulu, should also provide some respite from the somber focus on the Newtown, Connecticut, school massacre and the consequent bitter debate over measures to change America's gun culture and prevent violence.
12. The president's weekly radio and Internet addresses, which in recent weeks have centered on his argument for extending tax cuts for all but the wealthiest Americans, on Saturday offered holiday greetings to U.S. military forces.
(Reporting By Mark Felsenthal and Richard Cowan; Editing by Vicki Allen, Todd Eastham and Paul Simao)

Comments:
1. Obama shouldn't be on Vacation and NEITHER should Congress...
2. BUT SINCE BOENER RAN OUT OF THE PRESS CONFERENCE FRIDAY MORNING and sent everyone home for the holidays the republicans could not agree so they quit AND TOLD THE SENATE TO DO IT IS BOENERS FAILURE NUMBER 35 IF YOU ADD THE 32 USELESS VOTES TO REPEAL OBAMA CARE HE WASTED 18 MONTHS OF THIS ONE
3. Every elected official should have stayed in Washington and done what needed to be done for this country. When you have over 300 million people depending on you, you do not stop for a holiday, vacation or anything until you have succeeded in doing what needed to be done. If a vacation is that important then they should have picked a different career. There is plenty of people that works on holidays and even during their vacation to make sure others are taken care of and politicians are not any better than them.
4. Memo to all lawmakers: As a compromise fiscal measure, do away with ALL taxpayer paid vacations for elected officials! Including ALL taxpayer paid travel that includes ANY campaigning or vacation time!
5. My wife says that none of our politicians including the president should leave Washington D.C. as they haven't finished their work. I agree.
6. I need a Hawaiian vacation................but I can't afford one .................I also need a job...
7. The world is watching and worring about America going over the fiscal cliff. Wall Street is ready for a major sell off. Middle class Americans will see their taxes rise, Millions of 401Ks will fall off the earth and Obama and the rest of Washington is going on VACATION. What does this tell you folks about our countrys leaders. They really don't give a #$%$ damn.
8. Shows you how important WE THE PEOPLE really are .
9. They have that paritially wrong. He's not trying to avoid the tax hikes. That's what he wants. He is trying to avoid spending cuts.
10. Why can't they spend Christmas at home, and he can stay to work, like most other families in this country?
11. Who is paying for THIS vacation? Is it the last one from his first term OR is this the first one of his second term?
12. Not to worry, when comes back, all refreshed and tanned, everything will still be someone else's fault.
13. ..$100 a pound Kobe beef and blue lobsters, while living in a $40 million purchased Hawaii mansion...
14. ..How does he get away with villainizing the rich, when he lives like a rich dictator?
15. Christmas VACATION????????? And we are in the verge of a total and complete financial collapse here!!!!!! what the HELL???? get all these do-nothings back in washington, lock them in a room, and don't let them out til this schitt is solved!!! even if the oscrewyas go to hawaii for 10 minutes, it still costs ALL of us taxpayers over 160 thousand dollars an hour to fly Air Force 1, so add it up............need help?....adds up to about 8 to 10 hour of operational time to get started, flight check, fly, refuel, and finally park. oh that's right...........our tax dollars are used to pay for this tremendously expensive million dollar vacation.......hell, i don't see the government doing anything nice for me!!! or even doing anything at all!!!!!!!!!!!!
16. Spending bunches of taxpayer money flying back and forth to and from Hawaii. What a waste of money we don't have.
17. How do you lower the Deficit...and live so LARGE...every room in the White House lavishly decorated .. and they leave..? We should be getting a Pic soon of Barack eating ice cream..
18. You better not work
 You better not try
 Get your handout
 I'm telling you why
 Baracka Claus is coming to town

 If you're a success
 I'm taxing you twice
 Gonna reverse who's naughty and nice
 Baracka Claus is coming to town

 I'll pay you just for sleepin'
 Don't work, stay home and play
 You will care if you're bad or good
 Cuz if you're bad you get more cake
 SO...............
19. Suggested Chr...Alahmas gifts for Barry:
 shovels for those shovel ready jobs
 Nobel Prize for Economics - hahahahahahahahaha
 psychartic help
 12 step program for liars
 a gift certificate to Chick-fil-A
 trip to a green energy company that hasn't failed - may have to wait a while
 free trip to all 57 states
20. Isnt this special. Obama personally promised a few of the Hurricane Sandy people to help get them what they need. He got his photo-op for the election that he wanted. They are still waiting for that help Obama promised. All of us are just about ready to have our taxes raised and has he done anything before he left to do anything about it..no... The only thing Obama has done is trying to make it look like it is the Republicans fault if that happens. That is just what Obama does. He blames everybody and everyone for anything bad that happens but he has a press conference to slap himself on the back when something looks good. After all these problems what does Obama do he goes to Hawaii. I bet those people in NY and NJ that are homeless due to Sandy wish they could go to Hawaii. Obama is absolutely the worse president in the history of this country. Obama has divided this country more than anyone in the history of this country. He did that in order to get elected that way he did not have to run on his record. The worse thing I ever did was buy into his junk and vote for him in 2008. This country is now made up and a minority of morons for nto seeing through this guy and re-electing him..
21. Deadbeat obama has been on vacation fo 4 years now,so whats new.
22. 5+ years of financial disasters and no jobs, no nothing and they are all going off on vacations and leaving us all out to dry. real nice. is that their xmas present to america???
23. who's paying for all this @#$%^&*???????????i can not afford to go hundred miles from home....must be nice...........
24. While the citizens of France starved, Louis XIV's lovely wife was said to have said, "If they don't have bread, let the eat cake." Then came Bastille Day, 14 July 1789, the subsequent French Revolution, and she and her wonderful hubby's heads rolled compliments of the Guillotine. Let them eat cake, friends, let them eat cake...

25. The staffers (and their salaries) of both Laura Bush and Michelle Obama follow:
The salaries for staffers in the Office of Michelle Obama are also on the newest list. The highest paid is Chief of Staff Susan Sher, who gets the top $172,200. Here are the rest:
 $140,000
 Frye, Jocelyn C. (DEPUTY ASSISTANT TO THE PRESIDENT AND DIRECTOR OF POLICY AND PROJECTS FOR THE FIRST LADY) 

 $113,000
 Rogers, Desiree G. (SPECIAL ASSISTANT TO THE PRESIDENT AND WHITE HOUSE SOCIAL SECRETARY) 

 $102,000
 Johnston, Camille Y. (SPECIAL ASSISTANT TO THE PRESIDENT AND DIRECTOR OF COMMUNICATIONS FOR THE FIRST LADY) 
 Winter, Melissa E. (SPECIAL ASSISTANT TO THE PRESIDENT AND DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF TO THE FIRST LADY)

 $90,000
 Medina, David S. (DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF TO THE FIRST LADY) 

 $84,000
 Lelyveld, Catherine M. (DIRECTOR AND PRESS SECRETARY TO THE FIRST LADY)

 $75,000
 Starkey, Frances M. (DIRECTOR OF SCHEDULING AND ADVANCE FOR THE FIRST LADY)

 $70,000
 Sanders, Trooper (DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF POLICY AND PROJECTS FOR THE FIRST LADY) 

 $65,000
 Burnough, Erinn J. (DEPUTY DIRECTOR AND DEPUTY SOCIAL SECRETARY)
 Reinstein, Joseph B. (DEPUTY DIRECTOR AND DEPUTY SOCIAL SECRETARY)

 $62,000
 Goodman, Jennifer R. (DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF SCHEDULING AND EVENTS COORDINATOR FOR THE FIRST LADY) 

 $60,000
 Fitts, Alan O. (DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF ADVANCE AND TRIP DIRECTOR FOR THE FIRST LADY)
 Lewis, Dana M. (SPECIAL ASSISTANT AND PERSONAL AIDE TO THE FIRST LADY) 

 $52,500
 Mustaphi, Semonti M. (ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR AND DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY TO THE FIRST LADY)

 $50,000
 Jarvis, Kristen E. (SPECIAL ASSISTANT FOR SCHEDULING AND TRAVELING AIDE TO THE FIRST LADY) 

 $45,000
 Lechtenberg, Tyler A. (ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR OF CORRESPONDENCE FOR THE FIRST LADY)
 Tubman, Samantha (DEPUTY ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR,SOCIAL OFFICE)

 $40,000
 Boswell, Joseph J. (EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT TO THE CHIEF OF STAFF TO THE FIRST LADY)

 $36,000
 Armbruster, Sally M. (STAFF ASSISTANT TO THE SOCIAL SECRETARY) 
 Bookey, Natalie (STAFF ASSISTANT)
 Jackson, Deilia A. (DEPUTY ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR OF CORRESPONDENCE FOR THE FIRST LADY)

 Laura Bush’s Staff

 McBride, Anita B. Assistant to the president and chief of staff to the first lady $168,000.00 

 Harder, Cherie S. Special asistant to the president for domestic policy and director of project of the first lady $108,000.00 

 Niemiec, Sally M. Press secretary to the First Lady $90,000.00 

 Miller, Sonja M. Deputy chief of staff to the first lady $84,700.00 

 Ballard, Deanna M. Director of scheduling for the First Lady $75,000.00 

 Marshall, Misty C. Director of correspondence for the first lady $59,700.00 

 Etter, Marisa L. Deputy director of scheduling for the First Lady $50,000.00 

 Lineweaver, Lindsey M. Special assistant and personal aide to the first lady $47,500.00 

 Donoghue , Tarah C. Deputy press secretary to the First Lady $43,000.00 

 Block, Jonathan F. Assistant press secretary to the First Lady $39,000.00......

 less than Ms. Obama, and $300,000 less in pay too. Why would she need 22 staffers? Do they babysit and help with homework too? Doggy walk? You know, Queen Elizabeth in England has a position of a royal tea mixer, then a position of a royal swan counter, etc. I wonder what are the positions for Ms. Obama.
26. So glad to see that Buckwheat is in Hawaii...what the hell is Camp David for? My wish is that he comes back to a fully own Depression...with millions losing their unemployment benefits...most who voted for this #$%$.
27. Hah! Yahoo posts a picture of Romney buying some Cheerios in shorts and he's a demon that just knocked off a homeless guy. Obama goes on a 4 million dollar vacation in the middle of a fiscal crisis and he's the people's hero. Maybe it would have been best if the world had ended yesterday. . .
28. The one big thing Obama and his Democrats have created in the last 4 years 

 is record gun sales
29. ..How does it feel tax payers?..Our middle class is circling the drain..while Obama lives HIGHER than 1% he villainizes..
30. When Obama gets back from another vacation...he will submit his 2 plans.....f and u
31. It has been apparent for years, that Barry doesn't really like to work other than to make speeches. I still recall the first debate. It was like he was sulking cause he had to be there. Yet with the help of Chicago style straight arm politics, the liberal media and the ever growing legion of leeches, he won....sorta.....
32. The amount of money that we are giving China on the interest alone, just on this vacation could pay for security guards at our schools!
33. It would save a lot of time if they just reported when he actually got something done.
34. 4 years ago Obama said he would cut the debt in half to $5 trillion by 2012

 4 years later it's $16 trillion. Merry Christmas!
35. Mrs Obama spends millions of dollars of tax payer money for her supposedly “mother and daughter” trips. Money people work hard for from people who struggle to make ens meet. Yet nowhere have I seen a headline: ”While Americans Go Hungry, Michelle Obama Spends $10 million on family time” or “Michelle Obama Spent $375,000 Of Other People’s Money On Ice Cream”
36. Michelle Obama must think most people are easily duped. To quell the disapproval of Americans who struggle to come up with theextra money to fill their gas tanks, Michelle has to spend lots of time — between booking vacations and deciding how big a wardrobe chest to load into the cargo plane — coming up with justifications to subdue the public’s disapproval of her obvious addiction to pricey vacations.
 Last year, prior to heading off to Martha’s Vineyard, Michelle took Sasha on an exotic summer visit to Spain. The I-dare-you-to-say-something excuse for that excursion was that it was a “private mother-daughter trip with longtime family friends,” which in itself is a contradiction in terms.

 A “private mother-daughter” trip with 40 “close” friends and a taxpayer-funded security detail of 68 is hardly an intimate family outing. The entourage was so large that the group required 30 rooms in “Spain’s most exclusive hotel the Villa Padierna, a golf and spa resort located along the coast from Marbella.”
37. Sorry, but throwing around mother-daughter language, as if Sasha and Shelley were going to Spain to spend one-on-one “Mommy and Me” time, was nothing more than a manipulative shield used to suppress well-deserved criticism for a four-day trip rumored to cost $375,000.
38. Every Christmas the Obamas kick back for a low-key holiday in Hawaii on a “family” break that runs about $1.5 million for transport planes; exorbitant rent on a mansion called the “Winter White House”; and lodging for security, staff, and medical backup. Before anyone dares criticize, it’s important to remember that the break is a longtime family tradition where two darling little girls get to make an annual visit to walk the hallowed ground that is their father’s putative birthplace.
39. Take for instance how, after Obama encouraged America to save money by skipping vacation, less than 50 days after returning home from Oahu Michelle commissioned AF1 to ferry her as chaperone to a 2010 giggling-girls ski trip in Vail, Colorado. Besides not heeding her husband’s austerity advice, the first lady of healthy eating dined on ancho-chili short ribs at “141 grams of fat per serving.” Then, after dessert, she chose to camp out like a girl scout in the “upscale Sebastian Hotel on Vail Mountain, where rooms start at $650 a night and range up to more than $2,400 for multi-bedroom suites.”
40. Lest we forget, Michelle and her daughters spent time tasting and touring their way through New York City, sightseeing in Los Angeles, barbequing and memorializing on Memorial Day in Chicago, hiking in Maine, bobbing for tar balls on the Florida Gulf Coast, and recovering from a whirlwind of activity on an annual vacation in Chilmark.
41. Ever family-minded, Michelle also accompanied her husband to Indonesia, South America, Ireland, the UK, and Paris, trips that incorporated retail therapy, seeing the sights, fine dining, and recreating in between official duties that included breaking English protocol and forcing conservative Muslim men to shake her hand.
42. This year, just prior to heading to Martha’s Vineyard, Mrs. Obama managed to squeeze in a pre-vacation/official business/vacation to South Africa, accompanied as usual by an entourage of tagalong family and friends. If cost estimates for travel and security are correct, the jaunt cost American taxpayers anywhere from $500,000 to a reported $800,000.
43. "and the fools will cheer them off -- lol lol lol lol
44. how many vacations is that this year? 
45. i don't think the united states of america is even on his list of priorities.
46. Another vacation!
47. This welfare state is really great to him,,giving him more vacation time then working time .
 So far, he's spent more time flying around and sleeping in it on our time, before it gets to its destination, all over the world in AIR FORCE ONE then he's spent sleeping at the White House in the capital of our country!
48. Running away again, that is all the Butcher of Benghazi knows to do
49. I try really hard not to hate the president, because I'm the type of person who wants to see the good in everyone...he makes that very difficult sometimes. Now is not the time for a vacation. Christmas Eve to the day AFTER Christmas is the time for him to rest. Not an hour before or after. All he's been doing lately is avoiding the Fiscal Cliff talks. God forbid he actually do his JOB!
50. INEPTOCRACY (in-ep-toc'-ra-cy) - a system of government where the least capable to lead are elected by the least capable of producing, and where the members of society least likely to sustain themselves or succeed, are rewarded with goods and services paid for by the confiscated wealth of a diminishing number of producers.
51. Michelle agrees that her husband ALWAYS leads from behind...
52. From Jan. 2009 o Dec.23, 2012, Obama has spent far more time in Hawaii than he did from 1961 to 1979.
53. Last year, the Hawaii Reporter calculated the taxpayer bill for one Obama vacation in Hawaii to be in excess of $1.5 million — for a running total of about $6 million since the Hawaiian native was elected president.

 That includes about $1 million to take Air Force One to Hawaii, and an additional $140,000 for each U.S. Air Force C-17 cargo aircraft that is used to transport presidential limos, helicopters and other support equipment, according to the Hawaii Reporter.
54. The hero of the ill-informed is whooping it up in Hawaii, laughing at the "middle class", which, by the end of his second term will be non-existant. How special. What precisiely do we pay this wanna be rock star for and why do we spend millions for the clans vacations? He'll fly back, the family won't, more millions up in smoke. Goodie.
55. Do you think obama would be elected president if the election was now,
 We will never get answers on Benghazi or fast and furious, or the truth from Hillary
56. He needs to get ICE busy and get rid of some of the illegals
57. Obama & the democrats are a lot like Christmas lights....
 They all hang together, 1/2 of them don't work, and the ones that do, aren't
 that bright.
58. I will NEVER recognize Obama as my superior.
59. In every city in America there are hungry homeless people and what does Obama do but fly off to Hawaii, if I were homeless I would say Obama doesn't care about the hungry.
60. Dubya never dissed a veteran by not attending the memorial day services for veterans..Obama the only president in history to do that and he has done it atleast twice...
61. BARACK and MICHELLE OBAMA’s 20-year marriage is a loveless sham – a secret they’re keeping from the American people. The president’s marriage has been hanging by a thread since Michelle met with divorce lawyers not once but THREE times and even had them draw up legal papers to make the split official, say sources.
 “Barack and Michelle put on a good show when they’re out in public, but as soon as the cameras are off they are at each other’s throats,” revealed a Washington insider. “They make a lot of political capital about how close they are and how important their marriage is to them – but the reality is that it’s been a sham for a long time.” Their relationship deteriorated so badly while they were in Chicago that a distraught Michelle prepared divorce papers in 2000 following her husband’s failed attempt to win a House seat. In his book “The Amateur,” best-selling author Ed Klein wrote that Michelle was furious the future commander-in-chief had entered the race against her wishes and accused him of putting at risk their “stable and secure future.” One of the first lady’s friends told Klein that Barack, 51, was so depressed his pals feared the worst. Although she never served the legal papers, Michelle, 48, also consulted divorce lawyers before her husband launched his successful 2008 bid for the presidency. “Michelle didn’t want all the attention and she didn’t want to raise their children under such magnified scrutiny,” explained the insider. “But she was eventually persuaded to go along with Barack and support the campaign.” But just last year, Michelle had a secret consultation with a divorce lawyer because she was at her wits’ end over the marriage. Insiders say that despite what she says in public, Michelle wanted to return to Chicago to give their daughters Malia, 14 and Sasha, 11, a normal life. “She was also under public attack for wasting taxpayer dollars on her lavish vacation and spending sprees – and she just couldn’t take another minute living in the fishbowl,” a Washington source said. “She didn’t want Barack to seek re-election at the time. She’d had it with everything and that’s when the never-before-disclosed second conference with the divorce attorney took place.
 “She was told, however, that it would destroy the White House if she took things further, and she was advised that if it helped, she should move into a guest bedroom or seek therapy.”
 Another source claims Michelle blew up just days after the couple’s 20th wedding anniversary, which fell the same day as the president’s disastrous performance in the first debate against Mitt Romney on Oct. 3. When she heard Barack was heading to Hollywood on a fundraising trip, she demanded that he stay away from “Scandal” beauty Kerry Washington – who’s become one of the most familiar faces on Team Obama – or their marriage was definitely over!
 “First Mitt Romney cleaned his clock on the debate floor then Michelle kicked him in the head over her fears of him cheating with Kerry,” said an insider. “The guy just couldn’t get a break!” The dispute continued as the couple celebrated a tense anniversary dinner in Georgetown on Oct. 6. “On the ride home their marriage exploded again because Michelle is jealous of Kerry being around Barack,” said a source. “She warned him, ‘If I hear you’re seeing her behind my back, we’re through!’” In a recent report, sources revealed that the president had a meltdown and blasted Michelle. Body language expert Dr. Lillian Glass reviewed recent pictures of the couple together and said the tension in the relationship was clear. “In one picture, Michelle really looks on edge and Barack looks like he resents her,” said Dr. Glass.
 One of the major causes of their ugly confrontations is the millions in taxpayer dollars Michelle spends holidaying with daughters to escape from Washington. “Close aides say their screaming fights behind closed doors are so loud they can clearly hear the shouting,” said a source.
62. So, when they go on vacation, they are required to use Air Force One and take their entire security detail with them. Right? That's one costly vacation for us tax payers. That's your President folks. He's hard at work. All of the politicans are hard at work this holiday season. I think they got us all fighting about guns to distract us so that nobody would notice that NONE of them are WORKING! How many of you have to report into work on Monday or must be back no later than Wednesday? That's the extent of our holidays. That's what having a real job requires. Our government is a total embarrassment to our country.
63. I'm going to spend Millions of dollars going to Hawaii.
 When I get back, I'll show you how to balance a budget and fix the economy.
 Merry Christmas, Mr. DICtator.
64. He cares about the idiots who voted for him so much that he took off to Hawaii. If nothing happens by Jan1 ALL of the TAXES are going up! Own it Liberals!
65. If we're lucky Obama will find a cliff in Hawaii to go over, there are some mighty big ones there.

66. Well guess what Taxpayers? more is yet to come, the inaugural ball is coming up in mid January, and yes, the taxpayers again get to foot the Bill! Yeh
67. It is just plain WRONG for the prez and congress to go on vacation with the job left undone and RUINING everyone elses vacation because we do not know of our fate.They know theirs but we are the ones left holding the bag.
68. Poor Barry. Such a tough job being President. Let him work in a coal mine or a dairy for a year and then maybe he'll deserve a vacation, which will be one week or maybe two at the most. What a sham.
69. I bet obummer wouldn't be going to Hawaii so much, if he had to pay for it. No doubt, living the high life off of the backs of the people... #$%$.
70. Obama starts Hawaiian vacation, leaving Washington on ice

 Actually he's leaving the whole country on ice. Washington has already shut down.
71. How can the "#1" person in this country take a vacation when this country is about to fall apart? How can he allow anyone in Washington to go home in a time like this? Shows you what kind of a "leader" he is! Who voted for this guy????
72. By the time Obama gets back from his $4,000,000 Christmas vacation

 unemployment should be over 10%
73. Must be a new leadership style. Leave town when the going gets tough. Who exactly re-elected this clown?
74. Why didn't he just go spend Christmas with the troops over seas? At least past presidents took time to skip over there and acknowledge them
75. The nation is drowning in debt, and we’re spending millions on vacations for the first family. And what of the carbon footprint of all this jet-setting? If we’re truly on course for an environmental calamity, as the environmentalists tell us, then couldn’t the first family sacrifice a trip or two?
76. If I have an important job to complete at my business, I don't tell my customer I have to bail on you to Hawaii and play a little golf- see you in a couple weeks! My client would fire me and i would go bankrupt! Oh thats right we are going bankrupt thanks to Obama- 16 trillion in debt & climbing!
77. Blue staters fault for not sending him on a permanent vacation.
78. vacation while the rest of the U.S.A. cant even afford Christmas,what is this going to cost the people?
79. 4 million dollar vacation for 2 weeks, Its about 200,000 a day which comes out to 8000 dollars an hour, now I could break it down to how much per minute, but I think the point is made. Cost to Obama???? 0, nada, zip...but he feels your pain....Now how many spend 8000 per hour and never pay the bill???? While at the same time only make 400,000 a year, he spends 10 times that on just one vacation.
80. So when the stock market crashes next week, the country plunges into the worst depression it's ever seen, thousands of businesses close, people lose jobs and begin fighting and starving to death...we can say "how was that shave ice in Hawaii Barack?"
81. Insensitive and in poor taste at this time in American history. Show some LEADERSHIP!

82. GEE, I guess Moochelle wasn't proud of her Christmas tree after all since she left it behind for the peasants to mind!
83. Enjoy your vacation Comrade. I think we're all better off with you off the continent .
84. Did they bring along some canned goods from their.... VEGETABLE GARDEN they tended all by THEMSELVES last summer?
85. Well I am off to Hawaii, watch out for that ol' fiscal cliff, happy kwanza, a merry Alahmas, thanks for another vacation, you know I actually worked a month & a half since the election, have some egg nog and I will see you when I get back!
86. :Obama has pledged to work with lawmakers" -That's a first.
87. White, Black, Asian, Democrat, Republican: let's face it. We're ALL screwed. Happy New Year!
88. A week before America goes off the cliff...And where are they? They're ALL ON VACATION!! 
89. Washington DC politicians are WORTHLESS!!
90. What a slap in the face to the poor in America who are struggling to pay their bills etc and haven't had a vacation in years. But the rich union's usually get ten days off for Christmas so he's following in there footsteps.
91. The worst part is this greedy 1%er could afford to pay for himself but outright refuses....working Americans once Again will pay for his greed and indulgence....truly disgusting!
92. In 2002, on Martin Luther King Day, Obama said that violence against the powerful, meaning Enron executives and those who use tax loopholes, is a good thing. He stipulates, it's not good when the powerful are Marxists, or that they "see themselves in the powerless." So he's for violence against rich people, except when the rich people think like him, meaning, they are Marxists, "seeing themselves in the powerless," or the "have-nots" as Marx would say.
93. Is anyone really surprised this excuse for a President ran off to the beach while the country looms on fiscal disaster? If you are you must be one of those moronic liberals who voted this failure back in. You all deserve what you get.
94. I would just like to go down to Picadilli of a nice Christmas dinner.
95. ...as he flew out of sight, obama cried "merry nondenominational holiday to all, and let them eat cake"
96. This guy has already taken two vacations within a short period... one to Burma (for work..ha,ha,ha), and now to Hawaii. How much did it cost the taxpayers for these trips????? Obama doesn't care!!! He thinks what you earn is his. After all, he IS the dictator!
97. OBAMA.....
 --- KING of bankruptcy
 --- KING of the unemployed
 --- KING of deficits
 --- KING of $16 trillion in debt
 --- KING of vacations
98. Shameful...it's all about him and his vacation that is more expensive than any Romney vacation EVER. But this is paid by us as he is leaving us to go off a cliff. YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS STUFF UP.
99. Maybe there will be another major earthquake in Japan, and the tsunami that hits Hawaii, will wash Obama away.

100. It's too bad miracles don't happen, if they did Obama would stay in Hawaii and let old Joe "foot in my mouth" Biden run things, he COULDN'T be any worse, at least we get a lot of laughs out of him.
101. If I was forced to come up with an accogetting a free ride on top of there paychecks for not getting nothing done.
 Im sick and tired of them sayings its our entitlements that need to be cut.

102. He is the man with far away eyes ((and secret agenda's which won't be revealed until it's too late)). Very scary times we live in.

103. Obama is the greatest con man the world has ever seen. He went from walking around the streets of chicago peddleing communism to riding around on air force one and having you pay for it. How stupid is that?

104. It's sort of sad to see people jumping to 0bama's defense. It's also sort of hard to understand how so many people could have been so duped so easily. Probably about 40% of 0bama worshippers actually work and pay taxes. When those 0bamacare taxes take place and after 0bama allows the Bush tax cuts to expire by refusing to work with the Republicans, those people are going to be hurt the worst. Not only will they take huge financial hits like the rest of us, they'll also have to cope with feeling stupid that they actually voted for the Scam Artist in Chief twice.

105. A real leader would stay in Washington and do whats best for the country by negotiating a deal with the House.

106. I was watching Nancy P lousie A while ago. She was telling us about the 31 million kids who will go to bed hungry today . Also about how bad the economy was . And I'm thinking , "Well who are you going to blame now, You have had the purse strings for 4 years". What an operation ! A flippin zoo.

107. Merry Christmas to the Hammar Family!! Jon is back home now and thanks mostly to Bill O'Reilly!!

108. If you think the great depression was bad, wait until the tax laws all go into effect after the first on the year....than the stock market crashes....then the demand for everything stops cold, and business scrambles for survival! I just plan to stay home, and watch it all unfold on TV! Happy new year folks!

109. lil king obongo knows how to spend Americas money and blame the evil rich so he can tax and take from evil evil Americans....lil trasparent king obongo will teach..........Americans a lesson

110. Last New Years Eve Obama signed NDAA - no habeas corpus.
 Maybe get rid on the 2nd Ammd. this New Years Eve?

111. It's comforting to know the regime has cut the red tape for the storm victims while obozo sits on the beach with his homies watching the sunset smokin a blunt. This Christmas many people on the east coast have no home and/or no utilities. However obozo is planning to return to the presidential palace from his brand spankin new multi-million dollar 1 percenter beach front home just in time to make a field goal with the can off the cliff and cram higher taxes down all of our throats in the spirit of quanza.

112. send your unwanted cats to hawaii.
 maybe one of em will cover him with sand.....

113. After 4 years and $6 trillion tax dollars 

 Detroit is a dump with 14% black unemployment. Merry Christmas

114. He's taking vacation on our dime and yet he demands more of our money. Down right criminal if you ask me.

115. ..Well, 'folks' we see where Obama's 'Laser-Focus' went..Vacations, golf, Hollywood socialist socialites..

116. Doctors and nurses work over Christmas.
 Police and firemen work over Christmas,
 When there's an emergency many count-less others work over Christmas
 When there's a crisis in Washington,...Obozo and Congress go on vacation ! !
 They call these clowns LEADERS? ? ?
 Why ? None of this effects ANY of them! 
 They're all filthy rich, sitting around drinking egg-nog and laughing about how they are bamboozling us AGAIN.

117. lol they had a special on TV about the beautiful way they decorate the White House for Christmas when obama isn't even going to be there for Christmas, more wasting of taxpayer money.

118. Obama family taking their $4 million dollar vacation......why can't they take it at Camp David...like a lot of Presidents have done?

119. So I guess Obama used the same "laser-like" focus on the "fiscal cliff" as he did on "jobs"!!!
 So where's all this "manufacturing" that is supposed to be back in the United States now sir?
 And why aren't we "energy independent" like you promised 4 years ago?
 Why is our National Credit Rating STILL in it's twice lowered status?
 Where's the 5.2% unemployment that you said if you couldn't bring about that YOU didn't deserve a SECOND TERM?

 120. Oh....that's right....IT WAS SOMEONE ELSE'S FAULT!!!!

121. He does a vacation from all the campaigning. What, the election is over; my mistake.

122. The country slipping over the fiscal cliff,economy in the dumper, biden put in charge of more gun control illegals running loose sucking the US dry, people loosing their homes no jobs and bozo and moogheile spend a few million on yet another vacation, expense paid by the US taxpayer

123. As he gives us the middle finger and says F you America, I own you now.

124. What a leader. He doesn't give a damn about the economy or the country. But we'll pay for an elaborate vacation for him & his family even though the country is on the verge of bankruptcy. It's his "Let them eat cake" moment while he gives the whole country the finger!

125. Obama wants $160 billion in new taxes. He’s willing to reduce spending by $40 billion per year. That gives him a net revenue increase of $200 billion per year. That’s not even half of the $454 billion we paid in interest in 2011. That means we’ll still have to borrow $900 billion per year.

 126. By 2016 our debt will be $20 trillion plus. 

 127. We’ve passed the point of no return.

128. Oshameless doing what he does best, spending your tax dollars as well as the ones we are borrowing.

129. The Democrat Party controlled a majority in both chambers for the first time, since the end of the 103rd Congress in 1995. For those who are listening to the liberals propagating the fallacy that everything is "Bush's Fault", think about this: January 3, 2007 was the day the Democrats took control of the Senate and the House.

130.  The day the democrats took over was not January 22, 2009, it was actually January 3, 2007 - the very start of the 110th Congress. 

131.  ?At that time: The DOW Jones closed at 12,621.77 
 ?The GDP for the previous quarter was 3.5%
 ?The Unemployment rate was 4.6%
 ?George Bush's Economic policies SET A RECORD of 52 STRAIGHT MONTHS of JOB GROWTH

 132. Remember the day... January 3, 2007 was the day that Barney Frank took over the House Financial Services Committee and Chris Dodd took over the Senate Banking Committee. The economic meltdown that happened 15 months later was in what part of the economy? BANKING AND FINANCIAL SERVICES! 

133.  President Bush asked Congress 17 TIMES to stop Fannie & Freddie - starting in 2001 because it was financially risky for the U.S. economy.

 134. And who fought against reform of Fannie and Freddie? OBAMA and the Democrat Congress.

135.  So when someone tries to blame Bush - REMEMBER JANUARY 3, 2007.... THE DAY THE DEMOCRATS TOOK OVER!" Budgets do not come from the White House. They come from Congress and the party that controlled Congress since January, 2007 is the Democratic Party. Furthermore, the Democrats controlled the budget process for 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2011. 

136.  For 2009, Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid bypassed George Bush entirely, passing continuing resolutions to keep government running until Barack Obama could take office. At that time, they passed a massive omnibus spending bill to complete the 2009 budgets.

 137. And where was Barack Obama during this time? He was a member of that very Congress that passed all of these massive spending bills, and he signed the omnibus bill as President to complete 2009.

 138. What Democrats inherited was the 2007 budget, the last of the Republican budgets.

 139. That deficit was the lowest in five years, and the fourth straight decline in deficit spending. After that, Democrats in Congress took control of spending, and that includes Barack Obama, who voted for the budgets.

 140. If Obama inherited anything, he inherited it from himself. Obama inherited a deficit that he voted for, and then he voted to expand four-fold since January 20, 2009.

141. Must be nice king Obama , oh messiah please enjoy your trip on our dime , you are doing such a great job and all the bad things still out there are George Bush's fault anyway .

142. Should be labeled : POS family heads out on yet another multi-million dollar taxpayer funded vacation.

143. "The president is expected to indulge in some of his favorite pastimes on the island where he was born and raised: GOLF?!?!?!?!?!" -That REALLY says it all! 
 ANYBODY WHO ACTUALLY VOTED FOR THIS GUY, IS NO ONE I WANNA KNOW!

144. Wish I could afford a trip to Hawaii, very expensive there, but my family has to live within our means, and pay our taxes, so he can spend the $$ with no budget whatsoever. That Aint Right!

145. I would like to wish the Obamas a merry Christmas . Enjoy your 5 million dollar holiday . After you closed down the business where I worked , I will have some warm soup for my Christmas dinner , and hope none of the children in my family come by . I hate disappointing them .

146. I would like to wish the Obamas a merry Christmas . Enjoy your 5 million dollar holiday . After you closed down the business where I worked , I will have some warm soup for my Christmas dinner , and hope none of the children in my family come by . I hate disappointing them .

147. "The "chosen one" did not leave Washington on ice" -- "They just left!" -- I made a comment two weeks ago -- nothing would stop either him or any of the politicians from "taking their twentieth vacation of the year" -- not fiscal disaster for America -- oh no!!! Once we take back "our" governement --- this will not be tolerated -- and that time is coming soon!!!!

148. 'Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the White House
 Not a creature was working, not even his spouse;
 No stockings were hung by the chimney with care,
 because Hawaii is too far from there;
 The Obama voters were nestled all snug in their beds, 
 While visions of free cell phones danced in their heads; 
 And mamma with her free healthcare, and unemployment benefits with no cap, 
 Had just settled down for a free winter's nap, 
 When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter, 
 I sprang from the bed to see what was the matter.
 Away to the mail box I flew like a flash, 
 Tore open the mail and got my free cash.
 The welfare check hadn’t got wet in the snow
 Obama was still passing out free dough,
 When, what to my wondering eyes should appear,
 But a sign I must not work, at all of next year,
 With a Socialist driver, so conniving and quick, 
 I knew in a moment he was their Saint Nick.
 More taxes for the working and spending pretty much the same, 
 and he whistled, and shouted, and called them by name;
 "Now, Daschle! Now, Boxer! Now, Franken and Reid!
 On, Pelosi! On Feinstein! On, Baucus and Biden!
 To the top of the debt ceiling! No spending fire wall!
 Now tax away! Tax away! Over the fiscal cliff all!"

149. How Ironic. Out having a good time. Playing golf, being a star, while a lot of a the U.S. is struggling just to survive. Reminds me of the Emperor With No Clothes.

150. As Obama increases your taxes he is also devaluing you dollar. Wonder why bread, milk, and gas cost twice as much? Simply economics. You Dumocrats are the fools.

151. maybe they can wrap the presents in rolls of birth certificate paper.

152. ..Hmmm!..The Neo-Nero-Obama's fiddle is a golf club.......

153. Obama goes on yet another vacation, once again dodging a crisis (and his job). Oh, the surprise. What a shocker.

154. Gun sales spike: Virginia, Colorado record highest background check volume in 25 years

 155. Time to invest in gun company stocks and make a fortune

156. That's our boy we knew very well. Spending money again using Air Force One when fiscal cliff... veto for more money, no more tears but joy for him wasting taxpayers' money. What a jerk!

157. Wondering how many times we will read "Obamas in Hawaii" headlines over the next 4 years?

158. Got to love the reporters. Taking a vacation in Hawaii "where he was born." I had no idea that Hawaii was in Kenya. When did they move it????????????

159. Meanwhile millons of Americans have the luxury of choosing between 'chicken' or 'beef' flavored ramen.

160. I pay my taxes like a good American who works two jobs. Maybe someday I can have a vacation with my kids, but I doubt it.

161. Wealthy president off on another expensive vacation. Is this out of his pocket or ours?

162. BO does not care about the.. USA......we have all kinds of problems in this ciuntry...But BO just does not care....he says f it im going to hawaii

163. This little pissant Mulatto hates America...have not you YaHoo readers figured that out yet?

164. Another $4 million of our money down the tube, but he doesn't care!!! Like he's saying, "Gimme another beer and a let's play few more rounds of golf. Let the US go over the cliff, but I'm getting my vacation in before it does."

165. Obama is the most dangerous man in the world and you people just love him because he is cool.

166. Living like the dictator he is......what a guy. While they dine on Kobe beef, at $100 a lb, we little people are expected to pull in our belt and be patriotic.

167. To say that this president is a natonal disgrace would be a gross understatement...I just wish this serial liar would just keep on going....he's destroying the country and couldn't care less...and he's got plenty of extremely gullible people - even blacks who he treats like #$%$ - kissing his lying #$%$...

168. Has anyone ever heard the Press/Dems admit that Obama has made major mistakes? A cult is when the followers believe that their leader is infallible.

169. Are we gettin any jobs yet, maybe somebody should call Solyndra and ask if they are hiring.

170. Wow... wish I could just up & leave for Hawaii... but I have to work... wait... don't he have a job???

171. Obama says, Darn I'm trying to raise the quality of life for the blacks, but until then, I'll try lowering the standard of living on the whites

and here we were worried about the mayan prediction..nothing bothers this guy...he has his pension wrapped up and a ton of hidden money.

172. America has become one weak nation when a lying, homosexual, junkie born in Kenya is given a Christmas trip to Hawaii.
